It's very soft and very inclusive, yet at the same time the most impactful. I especially like the theme of "Mulan". Everyone has their own power, but are you willing to discover its existence? At first you may feel that it is something external that you have to fight against, but later you will know that the real hurdle to step over is yourself.

When the mental state is particularly strong, the body is not tired, and I am not sleepy once I act. Don't judge by appearance or inherent image. No one will maintain a state at all times, and to be more 'metaphysical', the me you see is the me you imagine in your heart. The role is a creative process, depending on whether you are malleable and can add new inspirations.

Acting is an internal feeling, I don't have the ability to look at this outside of the box. You have to forget something, and then forget everything, only the clear role and the environment, yourself over the addiction, others can be infected.

I don't want to show something that is black or white, the emotions that are interspersed are what I want to explore, that is, something with a little bit of layering.

The rationality of reading and understanding material can never replace the sensibility of the actor. Rational, logical things need to be digested and may find an answer on their own.

When you get into the role, you find another force holding you up, and it's more intuitive. In that moment, Mulan didn't feel in the least bit that her decision was great, there was no ego to move her, and that was critical.

Sometimes you find that people are changed by the decisions you make in the moment, not by how others see you or treat you. This consciousness, whether at the time or put into modern times, carries the color of timelessness, self-growth and bravery, and the power that ensues, and the deeper greatness, love, etc., that transcends the boundaries of time.

It is as if we can watch some movies in other languages and feel the resonance even without reading the subtitles. In my own case, I'm not willing to look at things subjectively with a compartmentalized or preconceived notion, I'm still willing to listen to how my heart feels and be able to make sure your heart is there and everything doesn't go off the rails.

You want to make sure that all the amount of information is what you want, and to separate entertainment from your own work.

I think the cornerstone of being responsible for your work is to put your passion, your imagination, your creativity into a brand new version of your work. All film and television works are transformed from text into a three-dimensional world. When animation is presented by hand, computer and voiceover, the images have more of the visual expression and emotion of a real person, and I have great respect for the creation process of the previous animated version, as well as our creative process.

I have to take three showers a day, always take a big bag of clothes with me when I go out, and am forever struggling with a shortage of socks because it's too late to wash and dry them.

But on the other hand, this kind of training made me further physically and mentally strong, and it was also a fun thing to do.

I really didn't feel tired at that time. A highly focused mind will help your muscles increase in strength and your body will respond to the signals from your head. But you don't get tired when you're in a state of exploration all the time before playing a role, looking for something new every day.

Not entirely by their own strength, they have to tie a leather band to me I then pull upward, so that can lose some of the weight.

Seeing the fabric slowly turn into clothes on the human form, and seeing the costumer use a variety of colors to match every day, you will feel the same process as the actor creating the role, both are created from scratch. If you experience their inspiration by heart, it can also add a lot of sparkle to your understanding of the script. At some indefinable moment, the thing comes to life, and it gives you a real sense that at some point in the past, those people had stitched such patterns one by one, and they had lived like this.

It's important that you look up the ancient sources with the kind of questions you have, and not to measure the sense of distance from the ancient times from a modern perspective and then ask yourself why it's different. You should really ask, what could I do if it were me who encountered such an environment?

I would want to see specific elements, for example, if I had played a fox, I would have looked up a lot of information about foxes and studied their habits, movements, etc. I would imagine the characters in their normal lives in their real state, rather than immediately digging through famous books and ancient texts to find information. You have to pick out the useful information.

I rarely talk on set, but I really want to talk.

On the set you have to blend in with the character and not have distractions. Every actor has the right to release his or her energy, and on the path of creativity, everyone should be comrades and friends.

They are very capable of 'giving', standing there and just being all over the scene.

What surprised me most about her personally was her energy: her power is not strong, but a cohesive force. She also has an Oriental-like Zen feeling about her, and she especially knows how to take 'give and take'. You tend to think, I did this I want this, but in fact step back and you will see a different perspective.

But after a longer contact, I realized that she is really a very gentle woman, and I learned a lot from her.

She loves everyone.' Love' unleashes a wonderful aura. She would encourage every actor and let every crew member express themselves easily and happily and feel the power of trust. I was very touched by her respect and love for every culture. No matter where we come from, there is diversity in all of us, so the film is more diverse.

Everyone on set was either in costume or sportswear or down jackets. Suddenly they were all wearing cocktail dresses and suits that day, and they all became shiny.

Every performance is like starting from scratch, and I never want to go into a new role with the experience of my previous roles. Each new attempt at the process is more or less new, and that's the part I cherish the most; comparisons to the past are inappropriate and unnecessary. No matter how circumstantial the process is, it does not bring me a feeling of uncertainty; the love of the profession in your heart will lead you in the right direction. When facing the unknown, people will more or less feel lonely, but only when you step out of the safe zone, you will know that the world is so big and there are so many possibilities. Every experience I have had walking into a character has taught me how to look at life, and this is the most precious gift that the profession of acting has given me.

Maybe nothing can really be said to be 'in the dark', you know, you will create your own reality.