I'm a particularly free growing actor.

I'm 30 years old and still a teenager ...... Thank you, add a candy to eat.

This can be said out to be scolded, can not say so. You see where I have the feeling of a teenager?

I think I'm pretty dumb sometimes. I think I'm pretty dumb sometimes, but it doesn't matter. It's not important. I'm just a nerd, right?

My ambition is to dare to be my true self.

Let me play with myself, okay?

My previous shoots were all static and solid, with the photographer asking me to pose, but I like diversity and emotion, and I want to express something dynamic.

In fact, I like something powerful.

I'm afraid I won't be able to break away from the role I ended up playing and reach the ultimate.

It's easy for actors to lose confidence, you need a strong psyche to perform and experience in front of everyone, in fact everyone is insecure sometimes, I turned out to be a girl who must disguise herself, disguise as a very strong girl.

He is a very liberated person, can you imagine? Such a superstar in the scene themselves to carry a bag, only with an assistant. After arriving at the scene, there is only the role in his heart, he speaks to whoever is in that state, as he pleases, without any rules and regulations, very good to everyone.

The state of my day, I feel like sharing, so I can say it completely honestly.

I forced myself not to bring any cosmetics on the scene, not to bring a mirror, the makeup artist love to make up, not to make up, I will not say make up.

I do not consider positioning and how to break through this positioning as my goal, the trajectory of growth should always be new and unknown, and then give yourself a very strong energy release to act. Where do you get so much positioning? What sexy, idol, I think these statements are particularly false, a really good actor, is to be real.

The side of me that scares you to death. If I'm funny, there's nothing to do with Chao.

Professional collapse, take pride in chatting the sky to death ......

You see the collapse of it.

It is in the crew to change the makeup, not enough water.

The skin itself will absorb the ah, why do you have to rub so long?

Watch and eat well.

Selling not many, old grandfather with a wooden box, there is a steamer.

Not grounded is just your illusion.

Recognition or disapproval, it has little effect on me.

Huh? I'm not over it?

There is a vague and indefinable power. What is the power? Later it became more and more tangible, and now it is still needed. It is when you can really stop, when it is easier to let go of many obsessions, the concept of limitations.

That's a lesson, can you not pursue results, because people want flowers and applause. Something is there that is there, which is indelible. It may be your own spirit or a kind of persistence. What you insist on must not be the result, for example, not that this film I must want a billion, next time this film I want to win an award. If you just think about the result, then where is the process? The process is gone.

I think the state of women now is particularly good. I will express myself firmly, especially in the work. So sometimes I think the profession of actor needs more communication skills, but I think sometimes you go too far and you forget what you want to express. It should be the first time you express what you want to express directly.

Age is right? Meryl Streep is quite good ah, or depends on the state.

Strong pushback, so people will really throw up.

The first dive to see a large sea turtle ha, particularly large sea turtles, not so many opportunities to see the first look down, feel quite amazing. In fact, just diving down that moment is quite apprehensive, because the body weight will make people have a moment to sink the bottom of the feeling.

Because I especially miss the crummy pixel time, hazy let people feel the breath of life, and that time everything is very slow well.
