Pure power, the simpler it is the more there is something that can return to the state.

Each of them seems to me to be great souls, and if they weren't actors maybe we wouldn't have had access to them. But their souls have a glow, not that we put on a lipstick, or comb a classic 1950s hairstyle is attractive women. Instead they didn't particularly care about their beauty, I think. Vivien Leigh was a pretty wild woman, and Hepburn was so delicate. Everyone is multi-faceted and not happy to be very formal or elegant every day. Why not love every single thing we have, our bodies or our looks, and accept them unconditionally, no matter how good or ugly they look. Because our interest, our daily value, not to mention survival value, emotional value, or your expression or your experience, these should be what people go after, is what drives them.

If you ask me to look at the camera every day to study which angle looks best, I really suffer, and I'm not good at that kind of thing. If our whole features, eyes, nose, etc. are used to breathe, to taste and express deeper sophisticated emotions, then this so-called looks that seem OK to you will be a feature of your expression. I always do not think beauty must have a fixed answer, we sometimes feel that this woman really has a taste, is comfortable. This is a chemical reaction, aura or energy, this kind of thing is the most important, no matter what kind of profession.

The cat is really a species worth learning from, because it is very present in the moment. Today it lives well in this home, and if one day it is lost, it will still take it in stride and continue to live its life, but you as the owner will not be able to stand it.

It's a big subject, have you ever thought about it? You can't talk, you can't think, love or hate, or remember like a human. Maybe that's the complexity and simplicity of being born as a human being, an extremely spearmint and rich existence.

Who you are, this is a very good subject, for the actor is more, it is like a gift, let you in a very relaxed state, can jump out, find some more of their own power.

People have their ups and downs, it's not possible to be the same as a robot. Sometimes the most unfortunate thing is that you come across a job opportunity, but your own state is saturated. For me, it's important to be awake, awake to be able to see the difference between yourself and your role and figure out how to catch up. Or should I use the word 'discovery', the opportunity is unattainable, even a passing role, but it will also open up another dimension, especially when we begin to doubt ourselves, found that a variety of possibilities exist, are worth waiting for.

Women need a sense of ritual, not to meet the moment, but to remember a certain moment. And can carry this memory, often a precious and special objects, such as diamonds. Women love diamonds for a reason, because there is almost nothing more pure, transparent and natural than the thing.

As the book states, I have found that it is impossible to deliberately find joy. As long as you remain committed to finding it somewhere, you lose sight of where it really is. And just like that, you ignore everything that is already being experienced. Like a bird flying across the sky, there is no trace of it, yet its presence cannot be denied.

This I have to learn, I'm quite torn about throwing things away, because sometimes something and myself for a long time, although sure it is no longer useful, but still can not let go.

When I think of a former director Chen Jiashang, he never wore any other clothes, every day is a variety of white shirts, we guess he may have a row at home. There are times when I feel like wasting time on matching details, and I'm wondering if it's worth it, such as letting myself have a few varieties left in my closet, which is also particularly good and no longer a waste of time. In fact, whenever a period of time passes, we will look back at past trends, although the big time rotation may be ten or five years, but overall last year's and this year's Ken have different, simple is always right.

Sometimes it's like this, you always want to receive the kind of role that makes you shine and opens your soul, but it's also a cliché, because it's unlikely to meet often, so now we're still waiting, because every film has many behind-the-scenes possibilities, at this stage, we'll finish the work at hand, and then prepare for the next step.

There is an intuition, an unspoken attraction, which is difficult to explain the feeling. But now I am not bound to this feeling, I now feel that as long as a story is full, I am willing to spend time to explore its shining points. In fact, many times you will filter out a lot of information that you do not want to touch at first, so you have to read more and experience more. This time I'll think, well, it can, I'll go shoot it.

I think not all possibilities are there for everything, if you don't see the possibility that it has surprises, then maybe it's just mediocre, but if you really put yourself if to the maximum, you tend to change the fate of the thing. Sometimes this will be the case, but not all the time, and this may be the initiative that we actors can seize. It's also true that we were originally taught not to be too picky about other factors, which is you, the actor, your relationship with the character.

For me, it's important to be awake, awake to be able to see the difference between myself and the character and figure out how to catch up, rather than say cheating myself into acting with a lot of skill. I don't think I'm particularly good at planning my time in life, and I don't know who is in front of me sometimes when I'm not in a state of shooting. I know more about who I am when I'm filming.

I also like the state of that time, each role, is an expanded version of life, I also feel the energy and calm the emotions in the body of Bai Shallow method, and her kind of transparency, really infected me some, may be one day encounter not too happy things, but also to the shooting site on the resolution.

Bai Shallow lived a very happy, pure life, encountered love and very thorough, experienced a deep, extreme love of three lives. I always like to be extreme, and I don't want to face the character. She is brought into the inner battle of feelings, which is quite literary.

This is how I understand it, I prefer the word pure, pure can not accommodate more states, may be only a certain feeling is good to be beautiful. But when the person is conflicted or tangled or she has other emotions, purity is not as powerful. And pure is responsible for themselves, but also know how to experience, know how to release, I prefer pure and powerful, which may be more powerful label. But when the label is on, you have to take it off.

This really depends on how you go about regulating, never cut off the process of doing homework with yourself. And do not reject any, news or events. This is how you can find the pure land of the mind, since you can't control what others think, and do it well, it's better to go light.

Psychology, occasionally look at biographies, read less fiction.

You need to see when you encounter a blow. Because you are particularly easy to look into, or acting can not find inspiration, whether to look at psychology, science or philosophy, can go to verify a lot of inner thoughts. Of course Stanislavsky is my guru. His system, for actors is a set of truth, he is a lifelong to do one thing, until he died that system has not finished writing, this is the value of life.

If you think of it as a move in a chessboard, if you keep playing chess, keep estimating tomorrow, the whole life ambition, it is likely that your imagination is so big.

No thought. When I was young and had a clear consciousness, I only wanted to be an actor, to work in literature and art. When I was seven or eight years old, I thought actors were good, very mysterious and very expressive. I think actors can be actors for the rest of their lives, just like Stanislavski, doing one thing for the rest of his life and not feeling inadequate at all. Acting is an adventure, a process of breaking and rebuilding. I don't think there's enough time to explore it. It's a wish of mine to do this one thing well.