To experience that moment, you will know how much conflict there is in the heart and how much love there is. Love is not always about who you choose to love, because the heart is sometimes pulled.

I want to show this side of me naturally in the scene, and it takes courage for people to accept it. But there are pitfalls, if the role is designed to play a comedian, I want to play a woman, I want to play a so-and-so, a very likely to come out of the pompous, form than content, that is not what I want to see.

People live a good life is all. Although sometimes people feel the need to have a trust, the things they can't do in this life or don't think about in the next life. This is a great comfort, but if you focus your full experience on the present moment, life will become interesting and exciting, and life will be concentrated, even if it is not in vain. The story of "Three Lives, Three Worlds, Ten Miles of Peach Blossoms" I also like is that people sometimes never know how much energy they really have, Bai Sha is really a person of great psychological energy, Susu died and then became her, for girls, I think this is quite inspiring, quite inspirational a point, which is more than the 'dominant president' or something More attractive to me.

People always want to be in control, and sometimes they even want to analyze their own and other people's emotions, but life is actually a series of things that happen, whether it's your feelings or choices, it just happens. To experience that moment, you will know how much conflict there is in your heart and how much love there is. Love is not always about who you choose to love, because the heart is sometimes pulling at it. I think this is where the drama is interesting, so many love stories, novels about these, is the true love of human nature, or nature is love.

The ups and downs are more in the heart, I quite like the time when the original psychological energy is particularly abundant. Creativity makes a person feel safe, whether it's for actors or for ordinary people.

I think it's a false impression to summarize every stage as if 'I've grown more than before' and so on. Because there is always only now. Everyone has an opportunity to wake up, and it's more interesting to see when you find yourself more and more in control and in control of your emotions or start to know what time is. It's always the opportunity that makes me think and experience something, it doesn't have that much to do with time.

The Night Peacock is the best opportunity I have at this stage.

Anyone's concept can't influence him, it's something unique to them.

You can only know how good it used to be when it hurts to a point. And every person who goes to play that abortion scene, quarrel scene, will be different.

I was scared to death, so scared I almost passed out. The war scenes of this era seem to be my first time shooting, very memorable and indeed a bit scary. The fear comes from the unknown, from putting something on your body that is going to blow up at regular intervals. The bombing point is located in the heart, at that time after the bombing I have been 'buzzing' ringing in the ears, but an OK.

The model does not necessarily mean that all do very well.

At this stage, I basically don't want to give up on good plays, but there may be a time when I can't pick a play that I like so much, and it becomes a long time to be idle. So now I think, in the end, I want to take the initiative to create an environment for themselves? I found that I like everything, too not to pick a problem.

People are always walking around trying to prove to everyone that I am the best, but have you ever thought about what you want to experience? There are some doubts that have not been solved, will always exist in the subconscious, or have to face and dissolve. But this is not chicken soup for the soul. This is a misunderstanding, because it is not a polarized, self-hypnosis like a couplet, but actually quite a big learning. It is the courage to analyze yourself and face yourself.

The reason you feel weak or regressed is to let you know that the brave you and courage is always there, so that you can experience the lack of such a process and then let you have it again.

The machines on the scene are set up, dare I just not go from here, I'll go from there? At this point I don't want to show anger, I just want to laugh. Do you have the guts or not?

It has nothing to do with age, life is like a game. I read an interesting quote, the reason you feel weak or regressed is to let you know that the brave you and courage has always been there, so that you can experience the lack of and then let you have such a process. We've all been brave, and what I like most about BAZAAR is that it was and still is just as brave. I was sick in the shed a few days ago, the dust was very strong, and I had a cough, and Sumang sent me a lot of loquat water, which I drank up in two days. It's like a heart-to-heart, which makes me feel that caring for others and love are still the best energy.

In fact, the sense of ego was quite strong at that time, which is commonly known as the ego and ego, but the real power actually does not come from those. So accepting imperfection and hoping for creativity is what I've been working on.

Do you dare to turn complexity into simplicity?

This is a particularly good topic, because this is the phrase I ask myself the most on the spot. Maybe something will take one to the so-called more right trajectory, but if the time is spent on strategy, it may feel very mature, but you have to know that there are two kinds of people - the great wise and the great foolish. Each one feels as if they are almost something, without realizing that they are already that very good version of themselves, he just needs to believe. Rather than maturity may be to go over and over and recognize your own thoughts, maturity doesn't actually mean not being naive, this has to be separated. If you already know how to face everything, this state is not what I want, or to remain curious and naive.
