It's the human nature of those things. I have acted in costume plays, modern plays, literary films, and also encountered very novel subjects. No matter who I play or what kind of clothes I wear, the key to everything lies in where your standards are. If you know where your surprise level is and where your standard is, you can't be bound by any kind of script.

More and more, I feel that the phrase "unlimited potential" is so true. What you know about life, what you know about yourself, and your state of being, all affect how a work plays out.

The interesting thing is that when you focus outwardly on the world, you will see many, many exciting things, but they are not really part of what you create. So, as an actor, you need to pull yourself back from the outside world of excitement.

Your heart, you may have to start from zero. There are a lot of times when there's actually a little bit of fear. You have to be a responsible person, you can't perform with a mask and experience, you have to bring your heart out. What you need to face is a new, re-learning process. As you gradually learn about human nature and you learn where your space is and want to give yourself one more chance, that is a scary point in time and a key that you need to be brave enough to face it. Whether it can actually change you and make you more creative or not depends on whether you can use the key well.

I like to wake up every day as a fresh version of myself.

I hold myself up to the mirror and look at myself, and I care about other people's feedback, like, is the opening scene beautiful? Later on, I think that you do fall in love with yourself in art, whether it's from approaching the character in appearance or from confidence building, it's a confirmation.

It's not a deliberate attempt to look ugly, but you slowly discover that there is something more in your heart when you lose the aura that your role gives you. Ah, it turns out that the previous intention is insignificant.

Now, I don't even look at myself in the mirror anymore, and I understand a lot of 'big truths', and I'm starting to realize what they really are.

I was struck by the sense of power in "The Clown" and "The Black Swan". That's the power that the real heart possesses, and it's hard to act. It is not something that we may come across in our daily lives, and those extreme characters, extreme humanity, are not always encountered. Now, trying to learn that will also give me a more intimate connection to acting. So, on that level, acting has really changed my life, I guess.

Acting has changed my personality and my self-perception a little bit. I wish I didn't have rules and regulations so that I wouldn't have barriers to getting into character. What has changed over the past decade or so is that I've become more tolerant, happier, and more focused on my inner self and perception.

Recently I've also been particularly interested in returning to the mindset I had a few years ago, the way I was well cultivated on the inside, but I don't think that idea is realistic.

That's all we have to talk about today. What is Buddhism? Don't lie to yourself that you really don't care about anything. Of course, if a person only cares about the results, saying that I am an actor is for fame and fortune, I also think that is a loss of the original intention. I am willing to abandon impatience, because it does not bring creative inspiration. I am willing to discover another side of myself and to nourish myself. I think my 'ambition' is the willingness to really know how to give and take. Dare to let go, that is very test of one's willpower.

But it doesn't matter, cognitive difference or time difference, people who are willing to take the time to see this actor, will naturally see. In fact, these also make me more powerful.

The most important thing is still the performance, these are only external aids. If you really want to find someone who is physically invincible, the director should go for an athlete, right? The most important thing for me in this movie is that all the physical training is just a homework, body language or learning to dive these skills can be learned quite like that, but ultimately, how delicate your performance is, how much you can become this person, this is the most difficult. This drama or any other drama, this is also the acting lesson I have been learning.

What? If you say you're cool, then you're not cool!

How good it is to go on a trip one day and use it.

I think the trend is to dare, dare to wear dare to be yourself. I actually like a lot of people's outfits now, often see people dressed casually, how comfortable how to come, but with a pretty good look, very own style.

Every time after doing exercise, after running, I am particularly happy. I also like to train myself to be in great shape and in good shape.

By the way, I'm not one to show off my muscles, but one day, I inadvertently posted a muscle selfie.

Beauty, as time goes by, also seems to take on a different meaning for me. At each stage, your perception of yourself is different, your energy is different, and it all presents itself differently.

The quest of the soul is higher and more beautiful. Why isn't strength and boldness beautiful? Why isn't coolness beautiful? Why isn't health beautiful? They are all beautiful. After letting go of narrow-mindedness, whether it is for beauty or otherwise, you will open and embrace to a better world.

Without regrets, I feel that every step I take in life is perfect. People will think, how is perfect? But actually think about it, my hobby or dream has not changed, this thing, I still dare every day, this path, I am still looking for. I put all my energy into the things I like, and that's happiness.

I want to be happy, I want to be happier, or I want to be closer to my dreams.

In fact, the mind is the best cosmetic. If the heart is not full of state, the use of the best cosmetics, or makeup is beautiful, but still lack of something, I think so myself. I most often do a good job is skin care, for skin care steps, I often go online to see other female artists how to maintain, learned, really useful.