At the time, I was a bit repulsed not because of anything else, but because I took for granted that it would be a traditional costume drama that would repeat itself with my own past.

It was a completely different story from my preconceived guesses, a rich and strange one, and the imagination of every detail struck me.

Bai Shallow's character can play on her age and her energy, that is to say, people live long enough to have a big heart, but she has a blind spot, that is, she thinks that emotionally I am over, I see through, but did not realize that she is in deeper than anyone else. She also has an animal nature, instinctive and sincere, very direct, and there is no separation from people and nature.

It is true that there are many external factors to overcome. IP is sometimes a double-edged sword, there is a lot of attention, but also excessive preconceptions, how do I convince people and how do I convince myself to stand up the image of the character? I know very well that the most responsible acting is not listening to anyone's opinion, but something very straightforward on set, no means no. So in the three months of shooting can not be slack, there are ideas must be presented, but also to filter out unnecessary information, this is a brain work. In terms of fight scenes, what kind of power should Bai Sha's animal nature be, her flirtation, her motivation, her roots and what are they, all these things need the character to be more real and more tense, not flashy is a guarantee.

I just know the difference between real and fake, sometimes I play myself, I don't like this feeling, I just want to live in it. As long as the state of life is achieved, I think "not acting" is the minimum requirement.

The audience is very intuitive experience, how much there is, is how much. But there is a prerequisite that they have really seen the work, not just rely on their own imagination to say how the role should be. I believe that the audience's evaluation is fair, and I myself am objective.

I think the most basic thing for an actor is to distinguish where his degree is, you can't play a little bit and then feel the pain so much that you can't get out of the scene. No, you must be clear about where you are now, how much space you still have, how much you can still lose yourself. As long as the state of life is achieved, I think "not acting" is the minimum requirement.

Of course. This will need to exercise their own emotional release and the ability to decompress, learn to throw away some things, do not overly entangled, stuck in one place, but will lose inspiration. I have had the experience of just reaching an exit, feeling like a bit of a breakthrough, opening up a bit of eyesight, only to have a period of time when I can't see anything. That middle point is very unstable and can be anxiety-provoking, but also particularly joyful. I'm stuck with a pain, and when I'm done, I'll finally think differently and take the initiative to let go of my current emotions and have an initiative.

If you play the ancients as the ancients, that's the end of it. No one can tell you how the ancient people actually walk and talk, you can only restore a most realistic person. When shaping the character, the empty space is a particularly big injury. You only have to relax, blend yourself in, no self-doubt, no sense of distance between the present and the past, there will be no problems.

In fact, each character and I have a great distance, I'm 29 years old, Bai Sha 14 million years, you say is not far? The relationship between the character and me is not one of others and me, but a process of learning for me. Before I became her, I wouldn't try to guess her feelings or values, or question her judgments and contradictions, I would let myself slowly come to a sensual state first, and then I would naturally understand the character's decisions. For example, Su Yunjin in "To Youth 2", she presents something very selfish, if you just think she's "made", it's definitely not true. You must understand what her fulcrum is, and it's not enough to find it, you must put yourself into it.

First of all, forget about their own lives, but also to relax themselves, this is a relatively slow process, to look up a lot of information, to sort out the various points of time and space intertwined, they have to be particularly familiar with, in order to build up a real feeling. So some of the roles into the very deep but out very easy, the contrast is too big, you will not have "who I am who I am" the blurred boundaries. Sometimes if I'm really confused, I just pretend to be crazy and indulge myself a little.

I really enjoy the learning process, horseback riding, hanging, flipping, which usually do not have the opportunity to experience, for a role to go through these things, I am very happy. But it is true that there is no time for you to prepare properly before shooting, you have to do it the hard way. My cervical spine is not very good, more than ten years old, no problem if you do not commit, but you have to be especially careful, or it will slow everyone down.

It is all about meaning. It's not just a career, but a way to understand what life is, what it is to perceive myself, to get me to step outside of my original perception. Many people say that acting is addictive because it shows you the infinite possibilities of yourself, oh, so I can do this.

It's especially damaging when you're portraying a character. You only have to relax, blend yourself in, no self-doubt, no sense of distance between the present and the past, there will be no problems.

Very adequate. I have not filmed for four months, although there is some promotional work, but also have enough time for themselves. I will not deliberately arrange, in addition to will certainly go to travel, is to sleep, wander around, or read a book at home. But if suddenly something happens one day, I will be able to get up on time, my biological clock has this setting.

You see what it looks like, it is what kind of. The circle of friends, in fact, is also a way to reduce stress. I do not want to live under too much pressure, since everyone is happy in the entertainment, why do not I happy to let go a little, of course, I have their own proportion.

When I was a kid, I wanted to be the kind of actor who was beautiful and acted at the same time. But now I feel that everyone has various dimensions and what is commonly seen may only be the surface. Everyone has different personalities and situations that cannot be replicated or replaced. My wish now is to be able to live a sober life and have a perfect mindset even if my circumstances are not perfect.

Basically don't watch too much, the number of movies to watch should be controlled, watching too much may have a preconceived problem, I think it will do more harm than good to character building. In the scene, several machines are turning at the same time, there is lighting, microphone radio, there are rival actors, there are dozens of staff around, then if you think about the mood of their role, and suddenly desert to another film, the result is quite frightening. It's better to focus on the moment and return to the basics.

Haven't quite been able to do that, it's hard. But I've been hoarding less and less these past few years and figured it out.

When I was in my late teens, I thought my 20s had aged well, but people are slowly changing, and your state of mind at this moment will determine all your states, and the camera will present it very bluntly. It's not your skin, but your story that makes you reveal your breath, unique. My wish now is to be able to live sober and have a complete state of mind even if my circumstances are not perfect.

Coincidentally, Yang Yang and I were both at Fashion Week for a few days during the filming of "Three Lives". I don't know what he thought, my feeling was that it was a vacation. The daily work of the crew was really intense and the air in the studio was not particularly good. Although the work outside is also very full, but at least a small sigh of relief, come back will be a different state.

This is a bit philosophical: you can pick a script that looks very different from your own, but how you act is still your own problem. I'm more interested in what I can dig up, so I can play someone who doesn't have a single line, or someone who doesn't have any description in the script. There are a lot of surprises when you go in, and only you can give it to yourself, it's like an adventure into the unknown.