It's all very satisfying, the photos fit together very well, the shoot went exceptionally fast I was amazed, and I felt happy to see a new side of myself.

The truth is that although pursuing perfection in these areas helps me become a better actor, I don't just strive for it because of that. My mother was a dancer per se, so I was always interested in the arts, and I started wanting to be an actress when I was four or five, and my dream has been in motion ever since, and not once have I doubted my dream, never thinking it was out of reach.

Vivien Leigh, Audrey Hepburn, I saw their movies many times when I was a kid, like "Gone with the Wind" and "Roman Holiday", and I still think they are very good movies.

I lived in the US when I was 10-14 years old, so it still helped when I was making movies in English. The Hollywood movies I appeared in, "The King of Kung Fu" and "The White Ghost Legend: The Desperate Escape", were both auditioned in English, which really helped to broaden the range of acting options. In fact, from a young person's point of view, most of the Eastern and Western ways of thinking seem to be mixed together and have a lot in common, so I'm not the only one who thinks so. I think young people in America used to be very outgoing, simple and straightforward, but now both Eastern and Western young people are more open and receptive to more possibilities.

In fact, I get more ideas when I shoot overseas than when I travel. Each time, depending on the role, you see the world differently. I have filmed in the United States before, and every time I get to that time I have a lot of feelings, and likewise when I travel, I think the mindset will have a big impact on the impression of the place I travel to.

The new Sinister Ghost" has come to South Korea to promote, so Seoul in my impression is very friendly, I came to the fans know in advance, in the airport when you can see a lot of fans, do not feel strange at all but feel very friendly, and in the Korean diet I like the most troop soup.

At that time, I was about 15 years old, but now I am 28 years old. Looking back on my 13 years, the thing that has changed the most is my mentality. Every actress should have a dream of becoming a star, so when I first started school, I had a lot of energy to pursue my dream, and I loved that. But I started to look for my real dream after I turned 20 and realized that people's cheers and applause did not bring me complete satisfaction. That's when I started to look for a real breakthrough in art. So for the past few years, I have been trying to become an actress who pours all her heart and soul into her creative work.

The characters in Mr. Jin Yong's works are very charming and I am honored to be able to portray them. It would be very different if I were to portray the previous roles now, when I was only 15-17 years old and still very young. To be honest, I prefer the role I'm playing now, and I'm playing it to the best of my ability within the framework of the script. It's hard to say which character I like the most, but I prefer a character with a lot of power.

To be honest, I think there are a lot of actresses or women who are prettier than me. As an actress, appearance is not only what you look like on screen, but also what you bring out from your emotions when you act. Especially when acting, the eyes are the most attractive. I rarely looked in the mirror when I was filming before, I didn't care much about my appearance.

I think there are many sides to my personality, but to sum it up in one sentence, I think my personality is relatively free, never bound by the rules and regulations, when talking to others, I will shrink to the side or just sit on the floor. I think I have a good personality, but I also have a domineering side, but this side of domineering seems to only be expressed through acting.

I dress more casually, preferring to wear a T-shirt over my jeans and also a shirt. I am the kind of person who wants to minimize the time to prepare for going out, so I just wear that.

I'm working on three new films this year, one of which is "Rescue of the Flying Tigers" with Oscar and Palme d'Or winning European director Bill August, who always says, "Just think about it. All, of course, does not mean to throw away all, but to allow for more possibilities. If I have this mindset, the next year will be very interesting for me, I think.
