Photographers, lighting artists, makeup artists, they will stare more closely than you, sharper and harsher. I would also occasionally self-confirm and adjust through the camera, but then I would not. Because an actor to the scene, is actually walking the scene, the play comfortable, the role feels right, more important than anything else.

I have not thought about this problem, what ugly or not, what image good or bad, these have not thought about. Take off the outside clothes, inside that set of clothes is the clothes you should care about. It seems to be like my comrades in arms.

I think it's interesting that this character doesn't cater to a convention, she expresses the truth, and this kind of reasonableness can sometimes give you some inspiration.

If you can't act well, it's useless to wear any clothes.

For me, it's a natural thing.

If I didn't have a play, I wouldn't be so enthusiastic, but because I love acting, I'm willing to do and learn and try everything.

I think this thing is amazing, actually muscle memory is more powerful than you think. It has been more than ten years now, but the muscles seem to remember very well, it will remind you somewhere at some time, and will also give you support in some places.

Just like when you are in a good mood, you will feel that running a few kilometers will not be tired. If you get into a role smoothly, you will make others feel that you have studied for a long time.

All these are as they should be.

It's just something that's easy for people to see and go on to promote in a paragraph interview.

These are not worth mentioning.

Step through that door and see how many minutes you can stay. If you can't, you'll be out in five minutes. It's not about relying on whether you're sleepy or not, it's about using your performance. What you can let others affirm is definitely not from sleepy or not.

I feel that I have gone farther than others think.

I don't have that kind of warmth in my bones.

I think they live quite in the moment, because they are very direct, courageous to express all the joy and sorrow; not because of the mistakes made and drown in grief, nor self-pity and self-hatred; understand the truth of life, but also do not give up the dream.

People are transient, and it is possible that inside a scene, you act out emotions that are mixed with vulnerability, strength, pain, and anger. This image can bring you some small thoughts or touches, and this is what I wanted to interpret them at that time.

I wanted to be able to take what I resisted and go digest it myself. Only in this way, you can rush out, your energy can be released. Otherwise, you will always feel that this thing to break off, you will take the road will turn, but also will bind themselves. I think this boldness still needs to have.

When you find something more important, something you love, it brings you happiness, other things are additional, additional things are not so important. You don't give up on that thing that you want to do for yourself.
