But then I started to self-indulge and not care so much about the outside. What remained in the end was deeper than the dress.

I will treat my exploration of life and myself as a gift, and only I know what the process is like. And the process did not leave myself regrets, is what I seek.

I can't help it, I always don't want to waste too much time on this.

Now I take any role, I don't put them into a list, what I have played and what I want to play now. In fact, every time is a breakthrough, every time is a chance to release myself. I don't want to let go of any such opportunity.

My rule is to have at least one or two months to prepare for the role, otherwise I will panic.

I never find it a challenge to portray a role that is not so beautiful in the eyes of the world, or even a face. In one scene, the director even asked me to put black circles under my eyes, but now I think it is most beautiful to have texture.

I feel that every time I play a role is a break and a return, after the return, and then to spread out, to feel more things in their own experience, to find the humanity, humanity is the most convincing thing in the film. As opposed to all the fancy clothes and patches, which seem to be one-sided to express the identity of the characters, the real idea has to be expressed through the emotions of the actors.

I don't really like to tell people what kind of person I am, it's very possible that you'll change again tomorrow. Don't give yourself any keywords, keywords are scary because sooner or later you won't need them.

Many people will compromise because everyone thinks it's weird if you don't, if you don't go with the flow. However, you will only progress if you break the rules of the game or the inherent perception.

My ambition is not to show everyone what kind of person I am, standing under the halo; but to return and tap into what is really valuable. In the end, as an actor, to be able to have a soul and emotions underneath the performance, emotions that are complex enough and performances that are explosive enough, that is my ambition.

My love for them is as selfless as their love for me.

Oh, that's what my mom raised, and I'm the one who's responsible for jerking off the cat.

You have to know where you are because there is never a top. Act well you know yourself, act badly and don't ask others, work hard for yourself. Also, the kind of heart that is not afraid to strike is something that actors need to practice every day on set.

In fact, every role seems to find this shadow that shadow, but that is not really a person, really that one is unknown, so I really do not even look like the role I play. I act when the whole person's mental state and emotional mobilization are very concentrated, but usually a little more lazy, also have a big strip and sensitive and vulnerable time.

It is the play inside wearing dentures, playing a demon, wearing animal kind of teeth. In fact, the look does not give me a big surprise, that is the externalized part. For me, I pay more attention to my inner feelings. The inner feelings have changed, which is more interesting.

In fact, when you go from your teens to your twenties, you think that you are too old to be twenty. When you are in your twenties, you will think that you might be too old at thirty. I think now that how you define age is an individual thing. 30-year-old women are just starting out, and everything is just right. This is not to comfort yourself, I mean the top of your mind and all your feelings, a lot of things are just maturing, which is very good for actors.

Furthermore, when I'm 40 or 50, I still want to be able to pursue things outside of my age. The fear of age seems to be something unique to a certain cultural context. When a woman reaches 30, 40 or 50, there are many things she doesn't understand, and she does have fears, not because of her looks or her physique, because I always believe that it is too difficult for modern people to grow old, and that every age can be lived wonderfully. Throw away the age bondage, you are getting more and more beautiful inside, and the outside will show it.

The definition of a chivalrous woman is different for everyone. The part of me that is chivalrous exists, but not the appearance, not the knife and the clothes, definitely not, because I have played many so-called chivalrous women, I think it may be the strength.

I am who I am, and no matter what others say, I will not become someone else. So, I'm getting more and more fearless about labels: will I be affected by the fairy label being put on me? I'm quite direct, and my emotions are amplified, I'm particularly energetic and obsessive about certain things, and I still like this energy in myself.

I think innocence is not at all the same thing as stupidity, ignorance or childishness. Purity, whether it is a color or a substance is pure, its proportion is not wandering, not wavering. Wandering and wavering are particularly draining, and whether you are pursuing a dream career or otherwise, they are bound to manifest themselves in some way and hinder your progress.

Simple or pure, I'm not talking about myself, or if you want to mention this trait, simple is a very brave act. Many people will compromise because everyone thinks you're good if you don't, if you don't follow the crowd. But break the rules of the game or inherent perceptions, you will progress. It's no coincidence that everyone, no matter what industry they are in - and I've read some autobiographies of businessmen and women - at the end of the day, I find that they have a child living inside them, and it's no coincidence that they have extreme intelligence and wisdom, and a particularly flexible and free child living inside them at the same time.

Reflecting on myself, I realize that there are some emotions, I will still lose my temper when I encounter unhappy things, when I was a child, I lost my temper with myself, and I was particularly aggressive, but in the past few years I have really been able to go in front of my emotions. But recently there is a little bit of regression, good thing I realized, I want to go forward again.

When I was in high school, I was a little more beautiful, but then I let myself go, not caring about my image at all. Just like playing a village girl, many people say that the skin is a big challenge. But for me, that is not a challenge at all, I do not want to make myself look good, on camera, there is a state is the most beautiful.

Whether it's the confusion I've experienced, or the surprise of knowing more after the character has been created, I need to face it, so I need to become more active in general.

Yes. It's a lot harder than on the ground because you have to control the weight of the rope. There's no point of impact, so you need to have more control. This is something that I feel very deeply.

I think I can try it out if I like the music of any movie and the director wants me to sing it, because I think it can be integrated with the movie. In fact, acting and singing have something in common, a lot of high notes, when I was a child, I could not sing, but now there are more layers of emotion and tension, or think of some situations, it will have power. I think the singing of the character's state of mind, with the character's heart and pauses, and pop music is different again.

That's foresight. Know a little bit before you do something. Few people will do something they don't feel at all without feeling safe, right? But having done it, you will find that a better perspective will come out and a bigger vision will emerge.
