The actor's profession, quite uncontrollable, sometimes a few years to meet a good book, it has been idle. Sometimes every book is good, so they all want to, so the situation has created a year-round.

For example, the "rescue of the Flying Tigers", about the 1930s, we shot in Zhejiang Qinchuan village, which is an ancient town of thousands of years, the walls are dilapidated and dirty, stains are the traces of life, I like those far from the city, natural, pristine environment, a kind of time travel feeling.

She is a character I really like, from the costume to the life, all simple and clean, which gives me the motivation to simplify. I can't imply that I don't have enough time or that I'm far from the character, that would only add to my resistance. I wanted to make the character as pure and as simple as possible.

Moscow is probably a complex that all film school students have. We were influenced by that generation of theater masters, watching the plays of that era and learning the acting from there.

When I first started studying his theories, I found them boring. But when I really practiced, when I lacked experience, Ran went to look at it and found that every word was a maxim.

As long as I encounter a role I like, I have few restrictions, and anything I haven't played before is worth playing. I didn't say I wouldn't take on dramas or limit myself to what I could not play.

New York at work is completely different from New York on vacation, where filming is confined to one area and the real New York needs to be explored.

I didn't know I could change so quickly.

Life is a flowing process. The more you try to control it, the more tired you get. You want to do something, you have to let it go first, tell yourself you don't have to do it, you have to let it go before you can take it up.

I don't think of myself as a star, no one has ever recognized me, I don't dress up in disguise, it really doesn't matter how, I'm not as popular as you think.

It wouldn't be complete without seeing the beginning, what's the point? I will definitely go in on time and buy tickets in advance, and also choose the best view, I'm not afraid of someone next to me.

I have also thought about telling everyone what kind of person I am. But then I realized that there is no absolute misunderstanding and there is no absolute success. Now I won't bother to explain. It's quite tiring to tell everyone everything.

What about labels, if you have them, you have them, if you don't have them, it's better.
