You can let go of your hand when you want to, it's okay.

We're just talking, there's no need to act out a script. Just don't have so much drama, I think ...... right or wrong, save the drama for when it's time to use it.

Everyone's qualities are different, but they are strong, delicate and powerful.

It turns out that everyone is like water, focus on their own things, it will be very smooth.

I'm not used to saying so much, so it's better to have a dialogue through a line of different performances and expressions.

The inertia of creation cannot be there.

It is always asking the director, how do you see me, how about this one? How about that one? I never know what state I'm in, I always have to ask, and that's the state I want to avoid.

Whether it's auditioning, shooting, or thinking about myself after the shoot, I try to stay in a more objective and sober state. This way, I can still have a clean start when I commit to any next role.

Especially in this era of information explosion, everyone will receive a lot of information every day, sometimes we have forgotten to distinguish what is important, and have forgotten what we really want. So feel your place and presence more, so that you can do things more efficiently.

No, if I didn't ask myself that, I would be more tired. When I'm filming or giving an interview, it's especially obvious that if I'm not in my element or if I'm deserting, I'll notice it right away, so I'll be more tired.

I hope my ability to think will never disappear, but of course, it will never disappear. I just love this kind of myself.

I always think, "How can I be sure I'm living a full life? It's when I look back at the last year or ten years and I feel like I've lived longer than the physical concept of time, so that time becomes a gift. And how do you know it's a gift? I would say it's a gain in the weight and breadth of the soul.

Just now, the styling editor showed me a picture of me from five years ago, but I felt like it was from ten years ago or more, as if those five years had gone by ...... I don't have a like or dislike for it, it's just a feeling." Associated with her answer earlier, these five years may have been a gift of time for her.

Is this way of measuring gains and losses that you speak of external or internal?

Change is based on a person's decision, there is no good or bad change, just a shift in thinking, and I didn't want to change.

The fact of the matter is that the result would have had an expression of itself, and based on that expression, I accept whatever the result is. When you stand in front of the camera again, you will feel happy from the bottom of your heart.

I believe that a sober actor knows where his play is. He will not be overly conceited, nor will he be overly inferior, he must have his awareness in. This is a foundation.

No one can stay the same, people are changing every day, thinking is changing rapidly. If you can learn to live with yourself, change is the most valuable asset, but it is often the most difficult.

My job is to deal with emotions, and I'm quite grateful for that. Everyone expresses every moment, it's just that actors are able to do it more centrally and figuratively, which is very interesting, and my job is to get in touch with myself, with all kinds of things and emotions.

I love all parts of it, and it also makes me step outside of myself at times and allows me to complete system renewal after system renewal. I feel like the role is bigger than me. For example, now that I've been idle for a year, it's time to pick a role that I think is OK and update my ego.

When I was a child, I always heard the truth that you must have suffered to know how to grow. This statement is not wrong. But later I found that if something is a big challenge for you, if you adjust yourself to a very happy channel, and then go to it, many blind spots will be opened. A director originally said this phrase, keep it simple. My understanding of "keep it simple" is not to not think about the problem, but to focus.

It's all about having. But you can't talk to people about life when you don't know what you want to express. You can't just focus too much on the outside either. It's true that everyone is facing a big challenge this year, and everyone is going to have to get along with impermanence.

I think the question itself is very good-natured.

Am I that boring? I'm just a normal person!