I flew to LA and was taken to the audition venue immediately, where I performed four scenes and did my best to concentrate. I was in a small room and had a lot of fun acting in the scene where I was riding a horse, the scene where I appeared with the witch, and the scene where the casting agent made my face look messy with eye shadow when I needed to look messy to play Mulan.

It was really exciting, and the excitement lasted for a few weeks.

This should be because it is a very universal story, right? Human emotion is a universal language, and Hua Mulan is a symbol of honor and courage, and the look of going to discover your true self and going forward should resonate a lot with people. Hua Mulan will follow its instincts even if it is not clear what awaits in front of it.

I feel honored that it is like it doesn't care about the region of birth and gives all actors in the world the opportunity to perform in front of more fans. Mulan was a precious opportunity for me to work with the strongest team that had reached the pinnacle of their field. It was a set where there was absolutely no need to shout or be anxious, and everyone worked with grace. There was a lot to do, but it was all done with character and beauty, and the energy on set stimulated the creativity of everyone.

It was possible to see a little more of the diverse face of Mulan in this film. In addition to being a simple warrior and hero, you can see the face of growing up as a young woman, the face of going forward even though she is hesitant or afraid.

I hope that I can trust my own instincts instead of following orders in a determined situation. The only person who can surprise me is myself.

Concentration is the most important thing, and I try to forget myself when I'm shooting. Forgetting myself, I tried to keep myself from thinking about how brave Fa Mulan was. Of course this is playing a heroic role and needs to show the face of valor, but everyone is a complex being and the complexity of that is beautiful. The energy of the character comes from there, not a clear distinction between weakness and strength, but a mixture of feelings, and I approached the character by combining those two looks when I was shooting.

I sometimes forgot to change my voice, and the director told me that I had to lower my voice to do it.

I felt like I was really a man because I blended in well with the team. One time an actor tapped me on the shoulder and asked a question. When I turned around, the actor realized that he had mistaken me for another actor and apologized immediately after being shocked.

I respect not only Donnie Yen's kung fu prowess, but also his acting skills. He is a very good actor and has a very warm heart. Gong Li is the queen of cinema and I am lucky to be able to work with her. She has always shown great acting skills and is actually a very good person. I talked to her directly and found that she is not a big star at all, she is very sincere.

Jet Li laughed out loud the day we shot the scene of Mulan saving the emperor, because the situation was the opposite of "King of Kung Fu", when he and Jackie Chan saved me together.

The moment when Hua Mulan's inner side achieved awakening was very impressive, that is to say the moment when Hua Mulan was determined to never want to hide her true face again. The moment of breaking the inner boundary, we are able to get the real freedom.

Although everyone's thoughts are different, I respect all fans' opinions no matter how they feel about the movie. But if the fans feel moved by a certain scene without realizing it, I might think we did a pretty good job with this movie. I hope that people will open their hearts and dream real dreams, which is also the theme of the movie.
