I always believe that there are things that will express themselves without you having to say too much. You can't have distracting thoughts that have nothing to do with acting, only then can you maximize your energy.

The role will always bring you surprises, now is the era of content is king, how to create content is the answer that each actor can give himself, this is a lonely road. This may be my direction now and always in the future. I will not go directly to the pursuit of success or the pursuit of a beautiful result to act, I think the direct pursuit of a beautiful result is fruitless.

A lot of desk can't be written on the script. In the role of Zhao Pan'er, although the script does not depict, but the courtesan is Zhao Pan'er once identity, she can dance, this is the dark field account. So, all these things, I have taken into account, just say in which scene of which moment, I will show it. This is not my design for the character, but the characteristics of Zhao Pan'er's character, her prescribed situation, her state of life is such a state. The interesting thing about Zhao Pan'er is that she is not just a businesswoman, she has some artistic cells in her. Who can be a one-sided person? You have to investigate the character yourself and present the things that are not written in the script, instead of reflecting what the script wants to say.

You have to know how to create your inspiration, the character brings you much more depth and thickness than just - two spur-of-the-moment performances, the only thing left is to learn. On set, you have to be prepared for what you haven't used yet; there is no such thing as unpreparedness. You have to distinguish between your own state and the state of the character.

In my opinion, Xu Hongdou is a person who has mastered the rubber band principle very well. When a person is fully wound up every day, there is no creativity left. When you are empty, you will know: Oh, the clockwork is not tight enough, I can put it on again. In the end, it's a regulation of degrees. I remind myself to loosen up, to give myself space, to breathe and feel the moment.

When you focus on a woman, especially an actress, the light in her eyes, her emotions and her love are all presented by the camera without any lies, without any fakes. This is what I find particularly interesting about the camera, it only faithfully records the feelings of that moment. The moment the camera captures you, it has nothing to do with how old you are or what you look like, that moment is the light of the character. And these lights are far more interesting than the so-called facial features and body shape. The character is a moveable, deep, and able to change presentation, and it's really interesting to mix them together. Everyone has their own shape, which is given by their parents, and all you can do is to accept it. But, you see, it's the light in those characters, the emotions that are perceived and flow through them that are really interesting.

Everyone sticks to what they want to stick to and do what they want to do, and I often feel that I don't have to bring it up to talk about it. To put it another way, you don't have to explain. This is your own attitude. My attitude is to put my energy into things that really interest me.

People are transient, back and forth, each moment has different thoughts, and there are many, many feelings and emotions that come to you every single day." At certain moments, a string is taut in her heart. She said earlier that once she listens to music for a long time, she will start to be wary of the discomfort she feels after suddenly turning it off. When you play, you will subconsciously remind yourself can you let go and play? "Sometimes it's time to put it away, or I'll worry that I won't be able to put it back.

Huh? It's not good to say, I'm very spontaneous, nothing square!

Before, I always thought today and tomorrow would be very different. But every moment is making a decision, and every moment is the latest moment. So, thinking is never out of date. (If anything) I think, therefore I am, and it's an interesting process to understand my own thoughts. To be a fulfilled idler? If you really think so, you can't really be idle, because you will always have many, many wishes and dreams that you want to achieve. Just like a person who travels with a heavy or anxious heart, although the environment you arrive in is free, your heart does not feel free. Freedom is a state of mind, and everything flourishes all from the heart.

When I first saw the script, it was very long, and it drew me all the way down. First of all, she is very real, very complex, she has many layers, every decision and every experience she has is accompanied by very contradictory moods and emotions, so these things make me feel (dramatic) tension. It's not that I have one attitude towards something or someone from the beginning to the end, she is also in a constant process of getting to know herself. Zhao Pan'er is a more controversial, flesh-and-blood female character. In terms of the present, it's not about gender, everyone wants to know themselves, and then to know the world. At first, you will be hopeful and resilient, but often, if you present a person's vulnerability in a realistic way, I think that kind of truth is very moving to me, and also makes the resilience become more convincing.

Regardless of your profession, you have to be yourself first, right? Not only do I give strength to other people's characters, but I also benefit from the more powerful roles of Pan'er or Mulan. I have learned from the characters, and my colleagues, workmates, and friends, including some fans, make me feel that everyone has different strengths. Sometimes, they may be more powerful than me in some things. I think it's good, there is no pressure, we are all real people, just different professions.

I'm thankful that people like it. Actors start from scratch every time they act, even if they go back to work together again, because you play a different role. But then, I've had similar experiences before, where a new story finds people I've worked with before, and I think it's interesting, but to play it very differently. Sometimes there are pros and cons, and you can't be lazy and think it's easier to work with a team you've worked with before. In fact, going into a new role is starting a new creation, and there are no shortcuts. So, I think it depends on the character and the story, and I don't think too much about other things, but the story comes first.

I always believe that the beginning of a role is a brand new journey, you have to put your whole body and soul into a completely unknown state, this is the learning process. Every character has had its ups and downs. Your release, your repression, belongs to the character, but also to these feelings of mine. If I didn't have a passion for it, I wouldn't be doing it. It's become second nature to me, and that's what I'm always looking forward to - to keep moving into the next new role. As for how to stay passionate, I have my ways, haha, love doesn't need much reason.

I think it's all there. I've put in the work, and I feel that every mark is more or less left in the character. However, when the role is finished, it's over and you have to enter a new journey, which is the same process over and over again.
