I think try not to have such distracting thoughts, for each role, I will give them the same weight of respect. I have also been asked by media friends before if I want to go to the world stage. As an actor, more people will see you and more people will resonate with the character you play, which is of course a very attractive thing. You will also express the sentiment for our nation and our spirituality, both of which are extremely meaningful things.

I respect how my friends in the media see it, how people see it, and I love it very much. But when it comes to me and the outside world has always perceived (the image) is not the same? I don't think so. The word 'soft' doesn't have much to do with me, but I've never felt the need to prove myself tough either. Strength can be expressed in so many ways, it has layers. In fact, for me, it is more important to get involved in the joys and sorrows of Mulan, rather than how people view Liu Yifei.

She will also have uncertainty, doubts, these emotions from a real person. I have always said that bravery is not always brave, but when you see fear, or choose to go forward, this bravery is layered.

It's always been love wrapped around all her actions.

Not so specific, we get auditions, projects, some times quite temporary. But I have this passion, to be determined to do this thing, on the whole heart to do a good job, no other distractions. When I saw the audition notice, what I saw was just an opportunity to have fun, and at the same time, this opportunity allows you to learn a lot of things, and most importantly, whether you can get into the heart of the character without the halo.

I think the director is very intuitive when looking at the actors, especially when there is no costume help and no stimulation from rival actors, just a person reading the script in front of the camera, but in that small room we can feel all the delicate parts. The test of an actor is also quite simple, to see if he has brought the director this confidence, can not be enough to enter the role of the state. Because to play a role, you need to be in a state to express the character's emotions all the time.

I feel very honored, I think she is also the real Mulan, a female director leading a team of 800 to 900 people on the scene, she also gave us a lot of moving. And she never speaks loudly on set, I just keep saying that the power of water is gentle and powerful.

To me, as an actor, I also look like a warrior. I always want to go further and try to push my limits. I also want to live in the moment, and I want to learn more every day.

I think it's important to try not to have such distractions, and I always say that for every character, I give them the same weight of respect. I've also been asked by media friends before if I want to go on the world stage. As an actor, this way you will have more opportunities, more people will see you, more people will empathize with the character you play, and of course it is something very attractive. At the same time, you will also express for our national sentiment and our spirituality, including the state of the actor, are extremely meaningful things.

Everyone will have their own opinion about the character we love so much. She is a heroine admired by millions and has a lot of halo on her. But I want to play her, I want to see her without distance and discover her more human side. Everyone has many layers of emotions, and I want to explore her journey as a girl, becoming a female warrior.

Mulan has a lot of qualities, loyalty, courage and truthfulness are indeed very relevant. But I think it was more her inner things that contributed to the "heroic aura", and the inner things might not be so great. She will also have uncertainty, doubt, these emotions from a real person. I have always said that one's bravery is not always to go forward, but to choose to go forward when one sees fear, this kind of bravery has layers. I think Mulan's choice has always been love wrapped around all her actions, and in extreme circumstances, she used love to dissolve a lot of things.

You do how much homework you will get, this thing can not lie. Including writing a character diary, to fulfill the role of course, you have to do a lot of emotional organization. I took part in physical training, and I also did archery and spinning training, all of which are "essential skills" for playing Mulan. I also studied the character's heart, which was my own homework. I spent a long time on the set to find Mulan's happiness and sadness. In fact, when you feel that you are really this character, it is a feeling that you only know.

"When I was a kid, I might have thought that I should look at the fight scenes differently, but now I feel more and more that the fight scenes are relatively easy because I will master them by learning them. The most challenging part is to get into every aspect of the character's emotions by yourself, and to discover other subtle things about her, which are fluid and more challenging. I don't divide any drama into over-the-top and over-the-top scenes, I treat every day as the most important day. Whether it's a scene in the military or a scene at home alone, it's a completely different feeling.

I'm the kind of actor who doesn't talk too much on set, I guess. So I'm especially grateful that the people around me understand me. They are all very good. I can learn a lot from watching them work. There are many details that make me feel that the people around me are the best.

The fight training has been rehearsed before, so there shouldn't be any accidental injuries on set either. The greatest respect I have for Ms. Gong Li is that we both put our heart and soul into our roles, and we both communicate with each other about our roles. I think she is a very "giving" actress, she is also an actress I have always admired and recognized, she is really a legend.

It is not. I always get up early and go to bed early when I'm filming, but when I'm not filming I go back to my habit of sleeping late and getting up late.
