I didn't expect it to be like this.

In fact, none of these titles can represent the complete me, I am myself, I am also a person with a variety of contradictory elements, perhaps because I saw this and felt quite a sense of power, so I gave this name, I am a person who likes to have a sense of power inside, I do not know if this is appropriate, I also like to listen to music to listen to fast rhythm.

I believe that everyone has many sides, and they show themselves in different states on different occasions. It is impossible for a person to be unchanging and to deliberately maintain the same state in different situations.

I hope to find new excitement in each script, characters and emotions I have never tried before.

For this character, many readers think it's enough, it's an introspective and delicate character, not easy to understand in terms of lines and plot. I think it is more of a return to the basics, not so much glamour, the scene is to try to relax the mood, as simple as possible, from the simplicity of the character to see the simple side.

I do not pay much attention to these, especially in the past few years, rarely to pay attention to the details of life, such as supplies ah clothes ah furniture ah, indeed living more and more simple, all the energy to focus on my special interest, these trivial things are less.

I am actually an extreme person, not in life, but professionally, so every play has an outbreak of drama, there are points that want to cry, these are very important emotional resonance, the audience to the cinema is also to find this emotional resonance, whether it is a comedy or tragedy, always hope to vent some emotions or get some emotions, or get inspired. So in terms of acting, you will find yourself always in pursuit of the ultimate state.

I look forward to and admire the young directors now, young but radioactive in their thinking, able to hit a lot of blind spots, issues that we usually don't think about, issues that are rarely explored. .

But not always ready to find a play for yourself to shoot, still have to consider some factors, any subject matter I want to shoot, any role I want to try, so, it depends on fate.

I don't want to dictate to myself what kind of roles I should play, each role is different, and I will take on some more groundbreaking, impactful and challenging roles in the future.

I don't think so, I often create embarrassment because my personality is too straight.

No, I think it's good to be natural and everyone feels comfortable.

There is no way to control it, but you can get very excited when you talk.

I think I can basically think of a natural state of conversation.

I think it is complementary, success is not something to exchange, the real success is to live as you want to live, not that you must lose to gain.

When you see a cat, you will feel especially comfortable, it is comfortable at all times, learn its habits, habits of getting along with the environment.

I just practice flexibility, running, and local strength exercises.

Not good, memorizing lines is a natural thing, not a difficult thing, this is easier. Remembering numbers or remembering faces, if I pay attention at the time, I can still remember.

I now feel like I'm having a bout of it, there was a time when I flew more, and when I flew to the fifth city I forgot which the first city was, or even where I was yesterday. The best thing I can remember is that if something happens the next day, I'll basically wake up at that point.

I might have to go help dub "Three Lives and Ten Miles of Peach Blossom" tomorrow, but it's coming out next year. There's another film with a Palme d'Or, Oscar-winning director, the Chinese title hasn't been decided yet, and the post-production is all this year, so hopefully it will be released next year, talking about wartime.

The film came to me quite suddenly, basically no time to prepare, as soon as I saw the script and the director, I was very excited to go over. As always, the director gave me his trust, and although I was playing the mother of a child with a rather large daughter, I was very convincing from day one and it went very well.

You said this is actually a kind of luck, sometimes you can meet, sometimes not, this time need to have a little rational judgment, which relative I can play.

Every actor wants to receive the perfect film, whether from the script, the crew, the subject matter is attractive, but this is different from person to person, for me, I also do not have the right to choose all types of films, may be this period to find me are these few scripts, at this stage, I will not decide whether to shoot this drama because it is a literary film or a genre film, more is to see whether the script itself I am willing to accept It was quite a long choice.

I'm still relatively lucky, my own reflection has helped me a lot, I know every day that my state is at zero or 100 or 50, I will have an impression after the performance, will not be lost.

Zero is also a kind of status. The director of "SDU" made a very attractive statement on Weibo: less is more. There is a philosophical meaning in it. Our brains are stuffed with all kinds of things every day, have we ever bothered to clean it up?

It is also a role about the female perspective, quite fortunate, the character's experience and personality is particularly playful, her identity is to live more than 100,000 years of such a person, the progression of emotional levels, there is a relatively large reversal, acting very enjoyable.

I think the vicissitudes are not manifested, people who have lived for a long time, she is very transparent and spontaneous, the heart is very big, the original is also written in this way, after the performance is more this feeling, this should be reflected in the specific aspects of it.

I think these are not allowed, do not want to be trapped, may be tomorrow is another look, people just have many sides. The fight scenes may feel better, maybe because there is a sense of power, maybe the real me is like this, I am more straightforward personality, chatting will not beat around the bush.

I think it is a process, a present, of course, know where their degree, for a variety of extreme performance, is a limitless, will not have a cap, emotionally is not capped.

If very tired, mood swings, may be a different state, but will not often happen. Going out to work itself is also a kind of trip, are a lot of colleagues together, or very happy.

At that time I was in the crew, every day in the shooting scene, it seems to be the last day of shooting, the crew gave me a holiday, there is a feeling of victory escape, I did not expect to go there than shooting tired, came back directly after the fever, fever for two days are almost 40 degrees, the first time I feel in the scene is dizzy, stand are not standing straight, resistance to labor is particularly strong sometimes really feel fine.

I don't even have time to go shopping, every day is full of schedule, get the brand to give me a gift, even if it is a comfort. The first few years to see the high definition, Dior is very gorgeous, at that time they are also more girlish, now feel more and more applicable to life, relatively simple, but also mixed style, I usually also wear the simpler the better. But when I open my closet headache, I finally think or white T jeans, haha.
