So soon we meet again! Feel like I don't even know what to talk about anymore.

Have to review a little. I still have to wear more in the future.

I hope my closet is full of jeans and white T-shirts, so I don't have to think about what to wear every day, haha.

Luckily, there are stylists in this business. Basically, I don't worry about it.

In fact, not intentionally ah. If good work finds you all the time, or you can find good work, it's a matter of timing. It's not up to me. So when you have the opportunity to have a job, you do it, and it's good to put it all in during that time.

I didn't go online much during that time, but I was happy to hear the news. I felt like I knew what my next job was going to be as soon as I finished the previous one. It's not often that you can do that.

Maybe when I reach a stable stage, or a mature stage, I will pay more attention to that process. After the end of the process, the process is over for me. There were some movies that I didn't watch in time after they came out. I watched them on TV later. Sometimes if you see it on a random occasion, there will be a surprise.

It is that you feel that there is no point in pursuing a result. Each part of the process will be a surprise if the effect is maximized and exceeds your expectations. If your expectations are great, but it is possible that the final effect is not so great. So it's better to let yourself go and do it.

I don't daydream, like thinking about the day I win an award. I will only think that I am happy to play the role well. Maybe it will take you to an unimaginable result one day, not necessarily an award. It might be infectious to a lot of audiences.

Just because I've always been sober, never a narcissist, and never felt aggrieved that people couldn't understand what I was playing well. After putting in the effort to get flowers and feedback, of course, very happy. But these should not be the first thing you think of. The first time is to enjoy it. The time to perform is very enjoyable. I believe that many actors are also like this when acting.

Today are quite like, some shirt dresses, very comfortable, able to wear out something, and also quite strong.

Yes, some of the things that followed the three films. There are some odd events.

Not surprisingly it should be.

I don't have a good memory and need to recall for a while ......

Letting go, not letting go of yourself. For an immortal romance novel, the existing environment and readers may be preconceived to classify it. Everyone's established impressions of ancient costumes and the author's particular whimsy will actually be at odds. Three Lives, Three Worlds" seems to me to be both traditional and breaking with tradition. I have a very good feeling about the novel after reading it. Because I saw our unique Chinese mythological system, our understanding of the divine world. If you visualize it, it can be very powerful, rather than a simple regression or repetition. This was also the case when I was shooting. I have never played such a tens of thousands of years of life, very animalistic role.

She is a fox, wild nature is there. Primal, some instinctive reaction, real, no separation. The most important part of this play is actually its authenticity, the psychological and emotional process of each character, are particularly real, step by step. Yang Yang and I would often analyze the psychological lines of the characters when we were playing. Their identity evolution, memory, tolerance, forgiveness, and so on.

I think trust is important. You can quickly activate this trust switch, depending on whether you are willing to. In fact, in the pre-shoot, not only with Yang Yang, but also with all the creators, if you turn on this switch at the beginning, you can receive a lot of positive information.

Of course not, because the character Bai Sha is not a frame. She is far beyond your life experience, and life is far from being that dramatic.

I don't really have the right to choose the film. Just like when I received the call, the producer approached me, I was very trusting and agreed without thinking about anything.

In fact, this is not what an actor should consider. I think that big business can often be big art. As long as you do your best, it is possible to reap a lot of box office and also have a high artistic achievement. As an actor, of course, I also hope that my performance can infect more people. So this time the so-called spreadability and popularization is also very important.

This word does not dare to be used. Every actor is hardworking. I think actors are a group of people with special stamina. Maybe it's like Natalie's "Black Swan". Every actor wants to pursue perfection and the pursuit of what is the ultimate.

I think I learned from the director, Mr. August, and I have posted on Twitter before, that "keep it simple". These four words seem easy, but they are actually very difficult. It seems effortless, but it's a great wisdom. Because keeping it simple means going back to zero. It's not easy to go back to zero.

In fact, I think every person, and I'm sure you are too, is alone. Yesterday, the photographer also gave me a portfolio of his work, that is, when he worked in various places around the world, photographed a variety of people looking down at their phones. In fact, every moment of looking at the cell phone reveals a lonely soul. There are indeed two sides to this era. In fact, loneliness, it may sound a bit pessimistic to say, but we are born alone and we are alone when we go. So if the inner self-discipline is strong enough to get through several levels of yourself, I think it will be very energetic.

Not so much. Not to enjoy, or you should know not to reject any kind of situation, not to reject the crowd, not to reject the loneliness, because life is composed of different moments, different stages.

There are hey, but not every day, sometimes drink milk before going to bed, sometimes drink wine before going to bed.

In fact, I am not very competent in this area. Luckily I am not a model. Not too willing to spend time on this, because I think I have to study a lot of things ...... and this is mainly by natural talent. I want to be well cultivated afterwards ...... sometimes feel confident after studying this season, the results of the next season out and all changed ...... and do not know how to use it. Luckily, there are stylists in this business. Basically, I don't worry about it.

It is more and more grounded ...... hahaha ...... in fact, before entering the industry is not much high cold.