Actually, I don't seem to have anything to do with soft beauty.

Trying to be innovative in terms of image is a pretty one-sided thing. Of course, as an actor, I have a lot of opportunities to try out various hairstyles and colors, but I think it's just fun to take pictures. Usually I don't like to primp myself too much.

I usually just go out with a pair of jeans and a shirt. I only look in the mirror after I wash my face or before I go out. Don't you think it's weird if you keep staring at yourself in the mirror when you're not doing anything? As for expressions or angles, I think laughing up at the sky in spite of the image has its charm, and you may not see those things if you care too much about the angle. I'm not, of course not, but sometimes people do have to open themselves up.

I haven't done much shopping in the last year, I've been shooting in the countryside, so sometimes it feels like I'm in the city and I want to go shopping. For me, fast may be better, but slow I can not buy things, and I buy clothes is best not to try, look and feel almost to take back their own ride, a try is easy to get tired, and consider too long but do not know which ride which.

I don't particularly like makeup, put on a BB cream, rub a lipstick, to ensure that all-day hydration, you can go downstairs.

Not before filming, but I know they are very popular.

When we get to the set, everyone puts themselves more into their roles, and they are young and not youthful, unlike back then when I was now in scenes with my younger brothers and felt like maybe I wasn't that old.

I don't know how to be hilarious. But for me, it's important to have fun and be awake. The pursuit of results is sometimes often just fruitless.

I have been subjected to similar indoctrination or tests, I just don't want to get lost. I love being an actor, I think being an actor is discovering life, every day can be a new look and life is in a state of upward mobility, that's what it means to me to be an actor. I don't want to put the cart before the horse.

That's true. But lately I haven't finished a book very completely, instead it's been a few lines and pages. Labeling is an easy and quick way to divide, but I think it's better not to look at books through tinted glasses, and self-cultivation books are not always chicken soup.

What to read is a very flexible thing, for me, I do not like to read too pretentious books, such as a bunch of gorgeous rhetoric to describe a simple thing, I like to remove the decoration after the things, somehow very touching, I like Rhonda Byrne. I like "The Secret" by Rhonda Byrne, "The Go Girl" by the French writer Yamasa, and "Conversations with God" by Neale Donald Walsh.

Very few indeed. I've read very few novels. But if there's a play I'm going to act in that has the original novel, I'll read it.

There are all kinds of genres, but when I'm under pressure or filming, I don't want to be influenced by any other ideas or emotions, so at that time I will go to watch cartoons.

At that age, when you have that opportunity, you should take it and broaden your possibilities. I don't really have much of a plan, but I don't need to be spurred on by anyone, I know what kind of pace I should work and live at, and I don't necessarily have to pursue any results, I focus more on professional progress.

The audience for TV dramas is after all broader, in fact, some people have not seen my recent works, but I think it does not matter, and I do not want to deliberately prove anything. But I will keep on acting, and one day maybe people will see, oh, Liu Yifei turned out to be like this.

I don't make distinctions like fairy, these maybe belong to the writer, art or director. For me, just an actor's creation, so that a play has a soul, whether it is a fantasy film, or a genre film, or mainly the collective creation of the director and actors. Any subject matter of the film, for me only the difference between good and bad. I try to act as well as I can.

No. But I am not so confident from the beginning, is gradually acting, acting more, it opened up more possibilities, also become more and more confident in acting, I think I tapped into my own in the performance of more possibilities.

You don't have to have similar experiences to get along, I have friends who have very different experiences from me. Making friends depends on how much you're willing to open up, it's a heart-to-heart thing. I don't socialize for the sake of socializing.

I've been working out less lately, probably related to my condition. I always feel like I'm not tired enough when I'm shooting a fight scene, and I can go for another 20 laps after the scene. My favorite exercise program is probably stretching and then exercising my local strength.

Vestigial line? Well I try.

Not really, I'm also the one who will eat leftovers from home. Dieting doesn't work for me when it comes to maintaining my figure. I lose weight naturally when I'm mentally stressed or a little tired.

Russia, I love Stanislavsky. I've always wanted to visit places that produce theater masters.

I have been to France a lot in the past two years, for example, for the shooting of "Night Peacock", I also stayed in France for quite a long time. I prefer to sit on the street with a cup of coffee.

In terms of skin care, I pay more attention to moisturizing, especially in the hot summer, sun protection also becomes more important. Although I am not afraid of tanning, but my work sometimes need to accept long hours of sunlight or direct sunlight, for the health of the skin or sunscreen, and pay attention to the follow-up reapplication, as well as choose a good moisturizing effect of the cream, so that the skin all day long to stay hydrated.

To be honest, after removing makeup, I usually apply a comprehensive function of the cream on the bed, my demand for cream is hydration, firming, light texture allows the skin to breathe freely, for a hard day of skin to shape a quality repair space.

Now the network media is developed, we have a wider communication platform, more real, out on the street I was originally so, just now we are talking about the production of superstars, I think that once that era, it is not necessarily the superstar deliberately created a certain halo, but the media people together to create a kind of imagination. So I think the environment is very healthy now, when a person is attractive enough to shine, the media actually can not destroy.

I have also learned from others to put on a mask on the plane, but if I accidentally fall asleep, the mask dries and still sticks to my face, it's really embarrassing! So I usually take a travel size face cream, in a sealed dry environment, for the skin in time to solve the hydration problem, dryness and tiredness also disappeared naturally with effective hydration.

I think the last time I watched "Animal City" was, of course, not me. My makeup artist says I'm rude and everything breaks in my hands in two clicks. I'm quite undetailed.

I'm afraid this is a big subject, not many people can fully know their own personality, except for chatting about horoscopes, but if you want to say something more real, I think psychological suggestion is also very important. When acting, each role is played by myself, but under the limelight is indeed more concentrated emotions and feelings, after the scene shouted start, my spirit will be particularly focused, character will suddenly be clear and rich.