I don't remember how old I was when I first saw the animated version of Mulan, but I clearly remember it being a good movie. In fact I even recorded the theme song "Reflection" and sent it to auditions.

I did a lot of research to understand Mulan, I wanted to know what kind of stripe Mulan had, what kind of inner conflict she possessed, and where the strength she held came from. The strength of a hero sometimes comes from anger and hatred, so I worked hard to understand where Hua Mulan's strength comes from. The beauty of Hua Mulan is her ability to see through herself, to work hard to find her "true" self, and to make important decisions on her own initiative.

When I heard about the casting of Hua Mulan, my first thought was whether I would be able to take on this role that so many actors and actress volunteers wanted. Mulan is not just a role, it is a role that any actor would like to play with great meaning. "As a human being, can I be as brave as Fa Mulan? "Can I accept my incompleteness in order to find my true self?" I thought about these questions many times in my mind. So I started to write a diary in order to take the initiative to become Mulan. It was an assignment I did on my own initiative when I was auditioning, but I didn't have much time to write in the plane. The audition included a physical audition, which was as difficult as expected. As soon as I arrived in LA, I immediately read the script and had no time to rest. I met director Nikki Caro for the first time at the audition, and I loved her Northern Storm, because of Northern Storm I knew she was a director I could trust to show the actress in her unique light.

Yes, so I defended myself by saying there was no jet lag, which helped a bit.

After the audition with the director, I started the physical audition 2 hours later. I was more relieved than tired because I thought, "So I did well in the director's audition," and was relieved. If I hadn't performed well in the director's audition, I wouldn't have had a chance to show up next, and I might have had to go back to China. The trainer I met at the physical audition was very professional and I will never forget it. After each phase of my heart strengthening exercise, he took out a thick notebook and wrote down certain things in detail. After the 90-minute physical audition with him, I actually got to the point where I couldn't walk, which is funny to look back on now.

I went to the airport immediately after the physical audition, too tired to walk or have time to eat, because I had a trip to China. I thought it would take a long time before the studio made a decision, but I was contacted two days after returning to China. It was faster than the usual casting process, which is not easy to believe.

I have a penchant for collecting pictures of the film making process, as Nikki did on opening day when she showed location photos and took me to the rooms where they were posted one by one for me. I looked at the photos of Mulan's house, the training ground, and the battlefield, imagined the scene, and fell into the role and story more quickly.

In previous films, there were situations where I had to play martial arts scenes, so I learned the necessary moves every time. But this film took three and a half years of long preparation, and I learned all the techniques needed to shoot action scenes in a very specific way.

Yes, no matter which scene I think of, I can say what kind of training I did for that scene. I also studied Tai Chi Chuan for the film, in order to understand the "Qi" of Hua Mulan. Because I knew that Hua Mulan's qi is a medium to connect with her divine presence, I agreed to this training in order to understand the character through taijiquan.

What an opportunity to be in a film with them. They are not only great actors, but also great people. 12 years ago, I did a movie with Jet Li, and he gave me unreserved instructions on how to ride a horse, since I didn't know martial arts. We also sang together and taught me a lot of methods when singing. It was amazing to watch his every move when I was shooting with Donnie Yen. Gong Li is my favorite actress, no, my queen.

It's easy to answer if you separate the character from me, but it's hard to answer if you mix Mulan with me, because there is a certain moment that is above the acting. Looking back I seem to have a lot more gratitude for Nikki, I don't think I've ever met anyone so kind, and the movie set that Nikki directed was a place full of cheer and love. Ah ...... By the way, what is the question? That's how I am, I always talk long and then go to another topic. "Both physical and emotional" is how I have to answer to get it right, because it's all about Mulan's journey and it's hard to treat them separately.

First the voice has to change that way. But in the end, this is a man played by Mulan, and she still has a woman inside her, so she is trying to show multiple faces.

It is important to use your original voice to lower the pitch, if you feel that it is like someone else's voice, then others will also feel unnatural when they hear it, and it is important to believe in this point of your original voice.