Your soul can only be your responsibility, I just have to learn a solitary gesture and give myself back to myself. I'm not playing for anyone on camera, it's a particularly abrasive - a process.

I'm playing a person in your heart, and I want to satisfy you and become the person you expect me to be. But what do I do to fulfill the expectations of others? I have to go through myself.

I may not talk much in the scene, or sometimes go crazy, let me do so, this is my method.

I love what the author writes, her imagination and her capturing of emotion, proving that she's following the character through the experience. The more homework we do, the more that collides when we get to the scene.

Yang Yang is very supportive of my creative approach: he is a very good actor at his age and in a very stable state.

How can you be okay with yourself?

Her emotional experience is extreme, from the initial indifference to everything from a distance, to layer by layer trapped in. Finally, she rediscovered it off the bat, knowing that she might live forever, a feeling that is not something we can imagine.

Once the focus, after entering the group - everything will be very stable.

The reason why he shot the middle-aged stage after gaining 40 or 50 pounds and then shot the young one after losing weight is because he thought if he shot the thin one first and then the fat one, there would be no motivation to reduce after the killing. This I can especially understand, let me for the role of fat or thin, I can. For myself to lose weight, this is not the part I care about.

When shooting a scene, I use this moment to adjust myself to adapt to many internal and external environments. Just like many people who close their eyes to rest, I choose to meditate, a state that is more conscious. Drastic changes in the environment are not something you reject or resist and it goes away, my way is not to reject any kind of disturbance.

The gym, sometimes running is also in the gym, either that or aerial yoga. One of my classmates opened a studio, although quite far away, but quite like to practice dance in it. Aerial yoga must not let down your guard, attention can not be scattered. After a few ground movements you can go up, it is not difficult to go up, it is not very high, but you can not just control your body, but to go with the rope force.

Some people think that fitness can be frankly away from work, and get everyone's understanding. But in fact, the people who understand you, will understand you. Those who do not understand you, fitness is also a problem. So it's not about what you do, it's about the difference between people and people. For me, it is a test of physical and mental strength. At the end of the run may not be physical strength, or bored with running, then you can not persevere? It's your own will.

You have to say that the abs vest line those, for me is the standard not the original, physical fitness than a particularly good-looking appearance is more important, the other is followed by. If I climb a mountain or run a few kilometers, I can not be tired at all, or recover quickly, I will feel very energetic. That's when it feels comfortable and sound. The best health is to not design it and get its own results.

Yes, there should be something more interesting for me to do this, to fully engage the muscles in my body, to use your flexibility, your explosive power to do this, so that people know at first glance that you have practiced, or you are her! You are the character! At that time I felt that it was worthwhile to use my limbs to exert my physical strength in the practice room and gym, and finally face the moment of the role, "I have the ability and physical strength, I can do it"!

Then I'm really not a female artist. For one thing, my physique is not very up and down, it has been about the same since I joined the industry, not fat and not thin; for another, the film camera is very reductive, it does not catch those tricky angles. You are what you are, the shot is what it is. I don't want to be thin for the sake of a certain angle, that I have no motivation, if you let me play a person of 80 pounds, I will be particularly motivated to thin.

As long as I am okay, the whole team will not slow down the progress.

For cardio exercise is what I'm most interested in, in the need for strong physical strength and physical fitness, such as shooting martial arts scenes, I will not be deterred, I know I can.

I hadn't worked consistently for a long time at high altitude before, instead I had some reactions when I was in Jiuzhaigou, so I rushed to lie flat. The lack of oxygen actually feels a bit high, like shooting a few days of the big night, people are floating. I am very relaxed, I think do not scare themselves, I am more confident in their own cardiorespiratory function.

I always think not to give yourself too much mental pressure, deliberately careful, do not have so much baggage. It's obvious that when we take an EKG, we're obviously fine, and the more we test, the more nervous we get. There is a small watch to measure the heart, I sometimes try to play with it, but as soon as I put it on, I tend to get nervous.

Drinking coffee has been a habit of mine for about five years. Often the way to spend an evening is, black cat, coffee, script. Sometimes a lazy sleep until the afternoon, get up, eat and go back to bed, continue a good book, a cup of coffee lazy life. A few years ago, I woke up early one day and drank a small pot of coffee, and that was the first time I knew that drinking coffee on an empty stomach would give me heartburn. Later on, I dared not fast, I must eat something, if it is during filming, I will eat the crew's meal.

Young people are nothing but control exercise and diet. In terms of diet, I've always been in line with the principle of eating whatever I want to eat. The rest is left to a good mood. When it comes to luxuries, a good mood in this era is a luxury. It can not cure all diseases, but will not let people because of bad mood and affect the functioning of the organism.

One is exercise, one is their own silly fun, I will let myself commit the second.

The eyes are the windows to the soul, no need to decorate, own a clear eyes emitting light. From the heart, there will always come out of a suitable path to go to the far side of their dreams.