I don't even know how I got in touch with it, but one day the agent told me that there was such a script for you, and then said the director, in fact, after he told me, I had a premonition that I wanted to act.

I think it is better to say that at what time and at what moment I met the script, maybe the mood at that time will determine my fate for this script.

But most of the time it's a matter of whether you're willing to go on a new and unknown journey, whether you're willing to use all your energy to be another person in the next two months, you may have to enter a closed creative state. This film, reading the script in my head already have some direction, that is, I want to dig deeper into the extreme unwritten part, or never in other films inside a certain personality and love.

I think he is a natural born actor, he is really a subconscious type of actor in life, but he is usually very funny, especially cute, in the scene he is a person who is particularly able to provoke the atmosphere, and then in the shooting he can also quickly get into the state, so is a living treasure of the crew. I am very happy to have him on board, because this role is like a very different kind of relationship story written for him. I think Brother Lai Ming's eyes, temperament and his inner feelings are very heavy and deep, especially great. Shaoqun has always been best friends with him, this is already the third time we work together, our communication and chatting is very easy.

In fact, there is no genre to talk about, the movie is all about people, so in my eyes is the role.

I feel as if not, I really do not have any positive shape in my life, so do not cheat everyone.

It is more casual, sometimes may also be at home for a long time to read a book and not go out, sometimes also willing to play around, crazy, very spontaneous.

The head still has to be washed.

I also wonder why so popular with the boys, a question I have not solved until now, I can not answer myself, because I have no such experience.

I think how to call, they can be, is their term of endearment to me, then my words are still me.

In fact, I am also quite similar to the director, I noticed one thing, that is, the meal is still to eat, is to find that the lunch is very long, eaten for three hours.

I was really flattered, and then the director felt that lunch was too long and we were a little uncomfortable. The first day I saw the formal laying of a large long table, is the kind of banquet table, with the killing banquet, all departments are sitting together, the food on a large plate, and then wine, coffee, dessert, one by one, chatting very happy, I think this is very relaxed.

In 2016, the words are still being talked about. Finally in the choice.

I think this is not up to me, but I can only say that I absolutely want to fulfill my dream, which is to be a good actor. All forms, if it is a kind of encouragement for actors, it is very good, but you can not only pursue the results, because I enjoy the process.

First of all, I think this play, the performance is very grateful to director Dai, because he is really looking at the state of the person now, not ten years ago, because people will certainly grow, will change, then very thankful for his trust, he is completely trustworthy from the beginning to give you this role, I think in fact, playing this role is very many people, is indeed very full of emotions and complex challenging role, I think I think it is very important to trust and believe in the creation of many times, thank you Director Dai.