The agent called to talk to me. I arrived in Los Angeles three days later and auditioned for a few scenes in front of director Niki. Everyone was very enthusiastic and I even tried to lift weights. The whole process was quite tiring, and I basically couldn't walk normally when I returned home. Later, when I decided to play this role, I was really happy and felt honored.

From the original few lines of Mulan's speech, all the important elements of the famous Mulan story were extracted, and I think this is a very good script.

I think "qi" is very meaningful. "Qi is not something that can't be felt, it's similar to things like "faith" and "love".

Director Niki is a director who puts herself in the shoes of the performers. She takes care of us, cares about our emotions, and avoids exaggerated productions. In a movie, even very small details can make a big impact on the big screen, so it's important to have that kind of awareness in a movie. Of course, the director of photography is also great. It was a great experience to see nature with our own eyes on location, such as in New Zealand, and to feel firsthand that we are one with nature. The film will also present these natural flavors.

I feel honored that they are all relatively famous actors and I have seen their work in the cinema. Donnie Yen did a great job playing Tai Chi. Gong Li takes filming really seriously and is always very focused on the set. I'm a bit more quiet on set, but it's fun to play with Gong Li once in a while.

For me, training physical fitness is not so much about keeping fit, but rather a consciousness that I am doing. For actors, it's about having that awareness and making some effort to portray the character. There is also the sense of accomplishment in order to make yourself feel that this goal has been accomplished. I think I can do that. Without enough training in this movie, you can't do what you want on set. I learned the basic movements necessary for stunts and martial arts scenes, which had the advantage that I was able to use them comfortably on set, and I enjoyed shooting the scenes all over again.

It took three months for language instruction, horsemanship, and intensive athletic ability training.

I think everyone has their own unique understanding of Mulan. For me, she symbolizes the Chinese temperament, the brave, independent femininity. I think at the heart of her is the idea of being a woman and cherishing your true heart and beliefs.

You can decide for yourself the path you want to take, but you have to be responsible for yourself. Determine what you want to do and then achieve that goal, and I'm happy enough to be able to do that.
