I can't remember exactly when, but definitely since I was a kid. Making this film also gave me the opportunity to really get to know her.

First of all, it was a very dramatic and epic story - a girl disguised as a male soldier. I was really curious about her legend and the story beyond that, and what kind of person she really was.

I got to Los Angeles and they took me straight to the audition. I remember how I went about getting ready. I drank a lot of coffee and tried meditation to get over jet lag. We had to audition for four scenes, and I tried to focus. It was in a very small room, and I needed to pretend I had just finished riding a horse. There was also a scene with a witch. I also remember one scene where Mulan's appearance needed to look dirty, so the casting director put my eye shadow on my face. All of that was fun!

I think there were differences in shooting styles and locations, but at the core, I didn't feel there was much difference. Whether you're Eastern or Western, when making a film, your personal experience is your camera language. It's like your attitude and thoughts, whether expressed in Mandarin or English, what matters is how you think and how you express it.

For every Chinese person, this is a well-known legendary story, but I think it's also popular in America. Because the story is universal, we are all human beings and emotions are a common language. Hua Mulan symbolizes honor and courage, but for me she also means a willingness to explore oneself and keep moving forward. All of this is important to the audience, and not many people are willing to do what she did in the first place. Fa Mulan doesn't really know what she's up against, but she still believes in her instincts.

I'm honored! I also think that no matter where you come from, actors need the best opportunity to showcase and let more people see themselves. So this opportunity is very valuable to me. We do have the best team, a very professional staff. I absorb a lot from everyone every day. We all work with grace, without shouting or rushing to catch up. No matter what production department you work in, this atmosphere is great for creative stimulation. We all need trust and love. I think that's what Disney has given me. Their trust and love eased my stress and gave me ample room to perform.

Mulan never thought about these experiences thereafter until she made the decision. But when she was in that situation, I admired how she knew how to handle it all, how to put great love first, and how she learned even from hate and war that all she could feel and all that pushed her forward was love.

From my perspective, I would say that as an actress, I'm also a fighter. I always want to move forward, I want to push my limits, live in the moment, and every day I want to learn more.

In addition to the familiar story of Mulan, we will see many sides of her. We will see her as a real person, what she would have been like when she was a girl and young. Everyone loves her as a warrior, but does she have a vulnerable side? Will she sometimes hesitate, be afraid and still choose to continue? Yes, we'll see it all this time.

I hope they don't have to just see what they can get in the moment, but trust their instincts. Be sure to be honest with yourself, because they are the only ones who can bring surprises into their lives.

I feel like a man because I'm physically fit. One day we were working, both in costume, and an actor tapped me on the shoulder and when I turned around, he reacted that the person turned out to be me and not the person he was supposed to be looking for. He was both surprised and apologetic. So, when surrounded by guys, it feels like they are all "buddies". They didn't treat me like a girl, I was just one of them.

I admire Donnie Yen's work, not only because he is a kung fu star, but he is also a very good actor and a very warm person. And Gong Li is the queen of my movies. Everyone thinks I'm lucky to have the opportunity to work with her. She's as good in person as she is in her on-screen roles. But when you talk to her, you don't feel like she's a superstar, but a very real person.

Haha, speaking of which, he laughed when I needed to "rescue" him. Because in the previous movie "King of Kung Fu", he and Jackie Chan "rescued" me together.

This time we needed to train for a different project. In other movie projects, you usually only need to train in sword fighting and martial arts. But this time, they really wanted to build a comprehensive foundation for my physical fitness, so I did a lot of basic physical exercises. These were all really helpful and hard. Every morning, the first thing I have to do is work out for two hours, then switch to an hour of horseback riding, and then maybe two hours of martial arts practice. So in order to prepare for the role you need to do 5-6 hours of physical training every day.

Our goal is to present real battles, nothing fancy. Because this is the real war, Hua Mulan is a soldier on the battlefield.

I would never dare to say I could ride a horse, because I think a horse has a will of its own! You can't really control it, but you can practice. I have practiced before for other films. This time, I also trained for three months for Mulan.

In every culture, respect for family is important. We need to be grateful and to show love. If you ask me what the meaning of family is, I would answer "unconditional love. So in the present, I think that's still universal.

She's perfect, she's very charismatic. I can realize how much work she has to do as a director. I can also imagine that she gets tired and stressed at times, but when she shows up, it's all very cheerful and happy and makes everyone around her feel comfortable and confident. I was a fan of hers when I was a kid when I watched her direct Northern Storm (aka Never Give In), but I was still impressed by the cast and what they were trying to achieve.

We didn't talk much about it, but sometimes I would ask the director if I could freestyle and she would really support me that way. I can do more lines to get the effect I want, or I can spend more time practicing my lines, or even play something that's not in the script, and she's okay with that. I felt very grateful for that.

I'm the kind of actor who doesn't say a lot on stage, but I really appreciate how understanding everyone is and how great each of them are. I saw and learned from all of them, and it's the little details that make me feel like I'm really at my best.

I will respect any opinion they give, because everyone feels differently. But if there's a moment in the movie that touches them, even if they don't know why, I'll think we did it. I want everyone to spread their wings and be brave enough to dream, and that's the theme of this movie.
