I had three months of training, with daily physical fitness, riding, and basic skills training. There was also army training, practicing formations. This was fun because I was playing with everyone. There was also line training. I also trained in scuba diving, but I didn't end up using it, but I did learn some hard skills on my body.

I don't actually know martial arts, it's just that every time I get into a role, I feel very powerful. I think these skills are not difficult, as long as you work hard is possible to complete. The hard part is the script and my own preparation, which is relatively more challenging for me.

We all love Mulan, which is the inspiration for the animation. And then the animation brought our oriental culture to the wide world stage and was liked by everyone. Then this time, I think I have to let go of a lot of expectations, baggage, to free myself. Because Mulan from the heart, I think she has been telling herself to try to liberate themselves, and finally have the courage to face their true identity, and thus gain more. I think this is an inspiration for me to develop some of my creative potential with love and respect, and to give the story some new content and perspectives.

I find that people like some of the more interesting words, but my answers are sometimes rather boring. It's not like writing a novel, it's a very long process. I think I am not a particularly qualitative person, I also have a lot of possibilities, I also have a lot of potential, so I think Mulan is just a face of mine.

I will especially want to play to the extreme, of course, every role I will want to play to the extreme, but this role is very rare and very lucky. And it's not just me, I think all of our creators, including costumes, props, art, they are from different countries, but they all love the story of Mulan very much. I think to make movies and art, you have to have love for them before you can start to think about how to devote yourself to them. Love is the first step. At the same time, this work gives us something to look forward to, and hopefully a lot of people will see it.

I've never really felt that I'm a household name, there are too many famous actors and stars, and I've always felt that I love being an actor, probably more than being a star. I've always said to the media, what we said in school, try to love the art in your heart, not the art in yourself. I think this statement is now more and more true, I think Yuzhin is also like this, he is quite grounded, also very hard work, very simple.

What he says most in private is "Yoson, how to act later", I also improvise, how to act anyway, how you take. He is also sometimes half-joking about this, to tease him.

It is indeed a very honored opportunity, but in fact, the implementation of the actual process is the same. I must say, it is pressure, too much pressure is sometimes a good thing, but sometimes it will prevent you from expressing your emotions. So I think it's important to understand yourself and not let yourself have so many distractions.

I don't really speak English that well, but I think if you ask me to play a French or other language, if I really like the role, I think I will definitely ask for more time to train, can I try it out? I think an actor standing in front of the camera, even if you speak in your native language, it's not the same, it's a scene in it, so if the scene is right, the other language and so on will be right.

So what did you learn? I think what we learned is that we can forget to perform subconsciously without thinking about pronunciation. And then our English in the film is not a regional English, is the kind of standard, a little Chinese accent, or a little they feel more in line with the feeling of the character, then I just listened and then to learn to imitate.

In fact, I think it's important to give a global audience the opportunity to learn about this legendary story that originated in China. And we have dubbed versions in many countries, and I also dubbed the Chinese version, which was very interesting to re-enact.

I don't really think about what other people think, I only think about what I think. Only when you think about it in a specific way, and you feel that you can do it in every state, will others think you can do it. But you can't keep asking people, "What do you think of me? This is a sign of lack of confidence.

I think she is a character full of aura, but there are many ways to express it. In Mulan's Speech, there is everyone's knowledge and imagination of Mulan's character, but in the movie, for me, it is more important to understand her more real side, her confusion and what her emotions are. Because we have been seeing her battle achievements, but I am more interested in the process of her growing from a young girl to a woman, and growing into a warrior. What is her spirit? I think it's bravery, she knows her challenges and difficulties, but still chooses to take this step, but I think no one is born brave. This is a lesson for now, I think, no matter what age or gender you are.
