I don't remember how old I was when I first saw the animated version, but I was impressed and loved it. Reflection" ...... I even sang that song at one of my auditions.

I heard it from my agent at first: "Disney is making Mulan, would you be interested in auditioning?" I heard that a lot of people were auditioning, so I asked myself: If I were to play Mulan, what could I bring to the role? I knew a lot of people wanted to play Mulan because the role was so meaningful, as a woman, as a person, as brave as she was, with love, accepting her imperfections, and trying to become what she really wanted to be.

I really asked myself a lot of questions because I knew that the audition process must be difficult and you have to keep going through all the scenarios that could be in the script. I was excited and nervous, but at the same time I wanted to bring my best, I had to calm down, do meditation and stuff, and work with this beautiful director to finish my audition.

Yeah, but I desperately tried to tell myself: I'm not jet lagged, it's okay. And then it worked!

I relaxed after I did the audition because I felt like I was doing OK, and then about two hours after the audition, Nikki said to me, "OK, now take you to a physical trainer to see how you are doing physically. I was actually relieved to get to the next step, because it meant something at least. I remember the trainer, he was very professional, he was taking notes in such a thick (about 10cm) notebook while I was doing push-ups, squats, strength training and various cardio exercises, which says something, I guess. After about 90 minutes, I couldn't even walk. That fitness test was more intense than any physical training I've actually received since then. But it was fun.

Every film is a new experience for me. I've done a lot of movies with martial arts elements, but I'm not a professional martial artist after all, so I'm glad I had plenty of time to prepare.

The training was so clear and specific that if I had to choose my own training, I probably would have chosen the same. I even learned Tai Chi Chuan and some Qigong movements. In my understanding, Mulan's "qi" is her connection to her spirit, her true self.

I am really grateful to have worked with them, they are not only perfect actors but also wonderful people. I worked with Jet Li in a movie 12 years ago ("King of Kung Fu") and he was great and taught me a lot. I didn't know how to ride a horse at that time, and he helped me a lot when we were shooting together. It was crazy enough to watch Donnie Yen on set, just watching him do all those moves. As for Gong Li, she is my favorite. Gong Li is my queen and I love her.

I think for Mulan and me ...... to ask "what do you think about this role" is easier said than done, but the hardest part for me is to find myself, how to put myself in the role, to be true to it, and not to show traces of acting. I'm really grateful to director Nikki, she's the kindest and most considerate person I've ever worked with. She gave me space, she encouraged me, she gave me unrequited love, and I'm just so grateful. Oh am I talking too much? What's your problem? Sorry I always do.

I really saw the experience as a whole, the action scenes, the fight scenes were also part of her story and reacted differently depending on the situation that she was in. So as a whole both have challenges.

First of all, it's the voice right, you'll ....... Outside of that, I certainly considered the many layers of the character, the subtext of her thinking ......

In fact, learning to speak like a man is probably the easiest thing to do on set, which is to keep the tone down and carry an "I can do it" attitude. I think some of the little details that explore Mulan's true self and feelings are more ...... her hesitations, blinks, all have to be carefully pinpointed.

Good question, I have been touched. I think acting has changed my life. I grew up wanting to be an actor, that charm, those emotions ...... I was 21 or 22 when I read a novel by a French-Chinese writer (Shan Sa) called "Go Girl". The film version of the novel failed to be made, but there was such an offer that I really wanted to get in touch with that corner, but couldn't, there was just some ...... space between us, the space I needed to feel. From then on, I became interested in Stanislavski and those professional angles, and it changed the way I thought about acting. I think our imagination has no boundaries, and the meaning of existence is to go and realize dreams. Dreams are very wonderful things ...... gosh I answered so long again, I think acting is everything for me.

Wow that's lovely!

It's a magical thing and sometimes it does feel like a new door has been opened. When you're a kid you have your own understanding of the world and as you get older you feel like you become different. Acting is also a constant learning process, you learn things that you've never experienced before, and that's one aspect of acting that gives us the gift.

That was when I was a teenager, it's not the same. But I'm a good karaoke singer, yo. I've been dying to try the Frozen 2 song lately, not sure if I can sing that high, but would love to try.