For new creations, I will not choose to take shortcuts, respecting my original heart is nothing to reflect on ......

What you like, I can give; but in case what I want to give you is different, in case you also like it?

If you are carried away by various voices before you get into a character, yes, it's great, you are very good and very good and professional, but is that still the character you are shaping?

It's good, I didn't expect to have such an opportunity so early, and when I came across it, I felt it.

What did I do last year?

You go to the movies, I'm not sure it's going to be funny, but my purpose really isn't to be funny, it's to experience. To experience the character, to experience why the character has such a state, this in itself is worth exploring.

Am I still living in the present? Am I no longer qualified to talk about my past?

If you don't want to change yourself, no one can change you, unless you consciously want to find out, or want to experience what state you are in, or want to organize your way of working, then you will really change.

I don't disrespect authority, on the contrary, I respect it, but I respect my own creation more, to avoid being led by authority and becoming lazy.

I haven't finished Freud's book yet, and it would be better if I explain it after I finish it.

Yes, I will ask myself some questions first, and I hope I can give you a responsible answer.

The relationship between an actor and a film, a role, is, on one level, a relationship between oneself and oneself. In the early days of acting, the film I knew was the impression I knew of myself. My will for myself now is that I want myself to face every role without being confused, even if the character herself is confused, I know why she is confused.

In fact, when you start a stroke and diligence, you will encounter the aura. No matter how you create it, don't deviate from that original track and don't go against the thoughts in your heart.

When I was filming, I was actually very conscious of protecting my emotions, and my consciousness would be very alert. The hard thing is not to be unhappy in your life and then to shoot a happy scene. The more difficult thing is that you encounter unhappy things, but also to shoot those painful scenes, more trouble. You can't squeeze any kind of emotion out of the scene, you have to put yourself into a peaceful point and completely empty yourself in order to be full.

Basically, I don't believe that people can't control their thoughts, you have to feel hurt all the time, you may really feel that way, but if you know what you're doing, and don't seek to necessarily not be hurt, or must give people recognition, then it's smooth. I don't want to become anything all of a sudden, none of this matters, I'm happy to still be acting.

If I have to describe a clearer image like "Black Swan", I actually don't like this kind of description, to create an impression of myself, and then as long as it's not that kind of drama, I won't take it, and over the years, it will become my own confinement. I like that work because it is very extreme, extreme, there is a possibility in everyone, extreme things, whether it is extreme calm, or extreme joy and sadness, are the most infectious.

It's really not anxiety, and I'm especially curious about what's going to happen next. I see some women who are physically very old and still have the innocent look on their faces, and it's beautiful. Many, many experiences must be the best thing for people. In good times, people enjoy joy and go to get joy, but a person who can come out of a so-called adversity, or an unhappy low, that person is great, she has nothing to be afraid of, through and through.