Zhao Pan'er is a very real and edgy person. Sometimes when people think of costume dramas they inevitably have a conceptualized perception, she breaks the past perception and is a completely different character in a costume drama. As a woman, the energy she possesses and the state she is in in the face of adversity is something I admire. She wasn't always so strong, but every time she encountered a setback, she found ways to be very alert to pull herself away and let herself blossom again, which was very inspiring.

(Onlookers) think I'm quiet. In fact, I'm quite lively and quite boisterous. Some characters are here, some are there, but when I return to Liu Yifei's state, I have to go back to the middle. So, I basically don't have much to do with the role, which is particularly interesting. You see, when my agent, assistant or colleagues see me, they think I am usually one person, but when I am acting, I am another person, which is quite split. Haha, but I think it's a good kind of split.

What is the most interesting thing about people? It's that you can't see through her. After watching the drama, you're still wondering how many layers this person has. When we act out the drama in this understanding, you feel that there is a lot of energy in each scene that is eager to explode. At the same time, there will also be a lot of things to recover, between the collection and release, the power of the drama itself. It's interesting that there are so many layers to a person's personality, which makes me feel very alive and vital.

Just like Zhao Pan'er as a teahouse owner, I couldn't be satisfied with just understanding the atmosphere of life in a particular era and mastering how to make tea, I would think about how I could bring myself to give life to a certain action or this character. I would think about how I could give life to a certain action or character. I would find the roots in my understanding of the environment of the time and the relationship between the characters.

You can't have any distractions in your head about your own life or emotions, and when acting, it's about how much you open yourself up to new things. Whenever you and the director are in sync on set, sometimes the improvisation that comes out of each other's inspiration, the things that can't be rehearsed again, are precious.

This past ten years, I would feel very fulfilled. I am very grateful that this past decade has changed my understanding of time. There are only 24 hours in a day, and time has its own rhythm. If you know how to start observing slowly and go deeper into yourself, you will find that time will slow down. Time is how you think about it, it is how to reply to your attitude.

In the film set is timid, also be scared to cry.

When I was young, I would think about what to do in the future? Be a host? To dance? Slowly, I became interested in acting, and seeing the actors on the screen, I found it mysterious and fascinating, and slowly led myself to the path of acting.

I was in my early twenties when I really knew the depth and breadth of filmmaking could be so profound, and for the first time I felt the joy of filmmaking, and it became a focus that supported me. The opportunity came because a role opened up a long path of the mind. Wow, I think about my own path now and I find it both lovely and scary. Really, I think about acting every day, and I hate to go to the extreme, just to experience the state of being an actor.

It's interesting to see us talking like this. Each stage of a person's life has a different main rhythm. There are challenges in all walks of life, and the challenge of being an actor, I think, is to study your emotions, you have to get very close to your heart. You have to do a good balance with what's going on in the outside world, otherwise it will affect your ability to get into the role. Acting can make you look back at yourself, what are you thinking about? Sometimes you have been drowning in a certain emotion, maybe for a long time in such a state, acting gives you the ability to discover your own emotions, so that I can understand the full state of life and emotions, so as to be more grateful for life.

One cannot dwell on past achievements, we still have to look forward. Comparison will give you a short-lived sense of security, and in fact, we need something completely new. If the work is good enough, it naturally has the energy to attract people to want to see it, and its appeal must be something particularly natural, not something that has a formula to calculate.

A work that analyzes human nature. The so-called classic is good enough in every way, in every sense. The goodness of a classic does not lie in how beautiful it is, how flashy it is, but more in the quality or the spiritual level of goodness that it gives to people, that you know how good it is and why it is good.

Because of the profession, it's easy to get sucked into a movie.

Stanislavski spent his life writing, even if he didn't finish it, in fact, there is enough left for the actors now to be valuable.

It really is very similar to the cat in the cartoon.

Must be happy, when you are happy, to be able to have more ideas and relaxed state.

I think it's okay, it can continue to be transparent, it's not a static state, but a continuous state. It's fun to talk and drink with a group of people, and it's really necessary to stay by yourself. Most of the time, I spend more time with myself. I often think that no matter what kind of decision you make, whether it's work or daily life, you have to face every big or small choice you make. So, being quiet and learning to spend time with yourself is always a lesson.

I have no way to separate it too much, because it is something bigger than myself and bigger than Liu Yifei's perception. After the performance, I will return to the state of learning. From this point of view, I think that having experienced their lives, for me, may be a subtle influence, but it is not clear where, there will certainly be some influence.

I always think that when people criticize you or praise you, you should not be frustrated, nor should you be complacent. Mindfulness is more useful than evaluation.

The greatest non-material gift that each person has is the ability to think for themselves. Everything starts with an idea, whether it's what you want to do or what you want to learn.

I think I'm okay with resilience.
