I don't remember exactly when it was, but I do remember that it was when I was a kid. It's an epic, dramatic saga about a girl who dresses up as a man in the army to save her father. It has always been outstanding for me because it really piqued my curiosity to understand all that was going on, not just limited to its legendary description of the story, but I also wanted to understand her class in human society.

I had just arrived in Los Angeles and they brought me to the production company to audition. I still remember how I prepared. I drank a lot of coffee because of jet lag, and I meditated for a while to focus my mind on the drama. It was in a small room and I needed to pretend I had just finished riding a horse. There was also a scene with a witch (I think the villainess is meant here) and another scene where Mulan needed to look dirty, so the director put a lot of dirt on my face - and my eye shadow. It was fun.

No, I was also in a movie before, The Forbidden Kingdom.

It's a historical story that's well known in China, but I think it would be just as applicable to the rest of the world because it's universal, and we're all human and our emotions are a universal language. Mulan represents glory and courage, but for me, she is also ready to discover her true self and keep moving forward. So I believe that this film is important to any audience.

I feel honored and equally feel that the actors, no matter what their nationality, deserve a chance to show their work and to be seen by more people. We have the best team and I learn a lot from everyone every day. We don't need to be loud and shouting or anxious and worried. We work in a sophisticated way. We can do what we need to do, but at the same time we stay grateful. That energy plays a big role in creativity, no matter what department you're in. We all need love and confidence, and that's what Disney has given me; it lets me release my own pressure and gives me the space to interpret.

She never thinks about everything that happens when she makes a decision, but when she puts herself in those situations, I admire the approach she uses and the love she has for everything. She is always learning, even in the midst of hate and conflict, because what moves her and inspires her is love.

In my opinion, as an actor, I am also a fighter. I always want to move forward, to break my boundaries and to live in the moment. I want to learn more every day.

We can see so many aspects of her that go beyond Mulan's words. We see her as a person, a young woman. The world sees her as a warrior and admires her. But did she also have a vulnerable side as well? Does she sometimes feel fear and hesitation? But she still marches on. Yes, and that's what we'll see. I wish women and girls could focus not on what they can't get in life, but on learning to trust their instincts and be honest with themselves.

I admire Mr. Donnie Yen's work, not only because he is a kung fu superstar, but also because of his theatrical talent and his graciousness and humility. Ms. Gong Li is like a queen of cinema, and like her on-screen persona, she is also a wonderful person in life. As for Mr. Jet Li - well, we laughed for a long time the day we shot the rescue scene. Because the last time we worked together we shot a scene that was the opposite of this one, where his character and Mr. Jackie Chan's character rescued me in The Forbidden Kingdom.

This time we needed to train in a different way. In other productions you only need to train in martial arts and swordplay. But this time we wanted to get my body fully prepared, so we did a lot of basic training. It worked a lot, but it was very tiring. The first thing I do every morning is train for two hours and then have an hour of horseback riding lessons. Sometimes after that, I have two hours of martial arts practice, so I would need to do five or six hours of physical training a day to prepare for the role.

I think it's important to treat family respectfully, regardless of culture, so that we are all grateful and show our love. If you asked me what family means to me, I would say unconditional love. In this day and age, I would say it's another language that is shared around the world.

Niki is perfect. Her personality is always shining through. It's incredible to see a director with such a high level of quality work, and I'm pretty sure she's tired a lot of the time, but she comes across as always happy and calm, which makes the world feel confident. I'm a fan girl of hers. I was a teenager when I saw North Country, but even then I was still impressed by the performances and the ultimate goal they achieved.

I'm the kind of actor who doesn't talk much when I'm on a recording set. I'm grateful that they understand this. I'm learning as I watch. It's the little things that make me feel like I've made the best choice.

I respect any kind of idea because every individual has the right to have a different idea. But if there's a moment in the movie that touches them, even for some unknown reason, I'll feel like we did a great thing.