Hello friends of Netflix, I am Yifei.

In fact, not so much, we do not always put this ...... take everyone to know a certain aspect of the concept. In fact, I believe intuitive, because every time, including many movies before, many people will also have this inherent impression, probably because we are also very busy, usually also to work, school, work, may not have so much time to see or to understand.

But I believe, because there are some reviews, every time a movie comes out, I think the audience can feel it. So I myself, each time is a new journey of learning, there is no comparison. Each time is as new as the first time you see it. I cherish such a fate with the role.

This script was initially handed to me by Shao Feng, and I am very grateful to him for thinking of his old partner and giving me such a good opportunity to work together. We are all very professional and very innovative. During the shooting process, it was even more fun. Because it is also a comedy, we are particularly free on the scene, especially no baggage.

We all trust each other. When we were shooting "Hongmen Banquet", I really felt that he surprised me at that time. It feels like he is usually still very quiet and elegant. But when you act, you feel like a completely different person. So at that time, I thought he was a very good actor. It would be an honor to work together again.

I was also quite surprised because it had been so many years since I had the opportunity to work together, and it was such a subject matter, so I was looking forward to it. I also feel that Yuan Shuai, seeing his many complex feelings and emotions, I think the performance is very good.

I can't score, because I didn't overplay myself. Shaofeng words, I really think he ...... I think the most responsible for comedy is not to think to be funny, we each seem to be quite tacit understanding, there is no distractions in the scene, is seriously to play. It is possible that this will come out better.

Do not have too much burden, each character has a world that belongs to him. Just as we usually laugh at those unexpected places, may not be a particularly reasonable, or a literally very funny, more is the state and a match, is the language. So it's this kind of organism that is in the scene we are quietly looking for something.

For example, the scene of playing Guo Jingfei, the earring knocked off, these are all accidents. But you just suddenly look at him, you were flying out, you feel really bad.

I think he is really an actor who is not afraid to suffer, and I'm sorry to him here, because it's a real fight. He was afraid that I would be embarrassed at first and came over to unload my psychological baggage, I wanted to tell him not to have baggage, I also wanted to fight for real. Because the slap is not a single hit, hit a lot of times. In this scene inside the constantly beating him. The side also have to watch, can not hold back, really feel very funny.

There is also Li Guangjie, I think it is also. It is very lucky that we are all pursuing the play, great actors. There is also a scene of two or three pages of lines, playing two people, he is really in the usual to observe Shaofeng, he wants to play Shaofeng well. He has been observing him. You will really find that all his feelings and attitude really like Feng Shaofeng.

Not like Feng Shaofeng, or like Feng Shaofeng as Yuan Shuai. It is to learn from him that kind of fear and that kind of bravery, and that kind of heart without bottom, because he is in a world of monsters.

Never been so crazy. But I think everyone is an organism, you can hardly guess what state they will be in the next second, and will not be too much to summarize themselves. That is an existence with various possibilities.

Drinking water, in fact, she was very thirsty, and then she did not know how to use the cup, cutlery should be how to use, it is more primitive, animal type. So it was straightforward (drank). She felt that the fish is nothing, there is a fish, there is a fish, is such a feeling, silly. Of course did not really drink that, drink fish that is a sugar. But when shooting drinking water, that is the real fish. The leg stirring that is really more funny, more formalized. You stir up, you may feel how so ah. Just that feeling.

There is. Including when she was fighting, is more close to the power of things. In her speech, I think it is also more powerful, more energy feeling. Then suddenly, she a lot of this sudden situation, unexpected this rhythm.

Because we are now the setting is to visit, I can not too loud. Too loud, scared you how to do. When the play, it is indeed in accordance with the emotions of the time, that is, what kind of emotions at the time, and finally to release.

I have not thought about this problem.

I have envisioned it myself, because I looked up various information online. I didn't expect it to be so big, it was really too big. But there is a figurative imagination of their own.

I think it's pretty cute. It has a shot, because the fox canine well, see sometimes it has been wagging its tail, I think the idea is quite cute.

They are very happy, they said they think it's funny. It's good that they are happy.

I think no matter what kind of comments, every play is worth it. Because they are all experiences that I am particularly grateful for. I think it's a fun thing to make so many people happy this time.

I feel that I can accept any kind of evaluation.

Basically, there is no (the same), unless it is the same script. The same script, it is impossible to shoot twice, except for the remake. Even if it's a remake, it's all different. So in my concept, it's like seeing for the first time, there are not so many comparisons and preconceived notions, it's a new experience.

Many people have asked me before "what kind of role do you want to challenge the most", I think all new roles, as long as I decide to shoot, I will go for the challenge.

There are challenges, I think as long as the moment you appear in the camera, only you know whether you are into the scene or not, so this is the challenge. A widow is a woman you don't have a lot of opportunity to release, because she is all a very repressed state. This kind of drama is also very enjoyable to play. But Bai Fianchu is one that you can have a lot of fun after acting, you can release a lot of emotions, and then you can also experience a lot of interesting and funny things.

In fact, the human idea may be a germ at first, and then slowly more and more firm. Like maybe, I think some of the old films I watched as a child is not also a certain reason in it, including the calendar on the wall of my grandmother's house these. In addition, I grew up in the theater, it may be subconsciously will feel quite beautiful, everyone is creating every day.

In fact, everyone will have pressure, every industry will have pressure, learn to get along with yourself, I think it is something that everyone is doing. So I don't think there's anything too much to say, just gratitude.

First of all, I would like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and then go to the cinema in the New Year to have fun and watch the movie "The Second Generation of Goblins". Thank you.