Perhaps in everyone's mind, the word "chivalrous woman" has a solid image, whether she represents coldness, strength or toughness. But behind these solid images, I hope to feel more of her contradictions and some of her deeper qualities that are not stereotyped. For example, I think that a person's vulnerability and strength can exist at the same time, and I would like to explore the spiritual connotation of Chinese culture behind the image of the "chivalrous woman". I feel that when I find this spirit, I am playing a living human being. Being a living person is the most convincing thing, because no matter how dramatic the character you play is, as long as she is real enough, it will resonate with people.

In fact, very often, I don't want to be so eager to tell people what I am or am not like. I think these can be proven through time and action. As long as you can take off the subjective glasses, you will have a clearer understanding of others and the world. Although I don't want to face the camera to say what kind of person I am, I would like to say that becoming an actor is still one of the things I am most grateful for, acting can be said to be the source of all the happiness and motivation in my life. If you say you have to give something as an actor, something like hard training, I don't think you can say it's painful and happy, because all I feel is basically happiness.

I think people must learn to respect and love. You can have stars and actors that you particularly love, and you particularly appreciate their lifestyle or the irreplaceable charm of their work, but you must know what your own essence is, and not blindly emulate or learn from them. Because it is possible that just the smallest borrowing may destroy some organic things of your own. I think what can be borrowed is that many actors are also persistent, they are always looking for the so-called perfection, and then break this perfection, and then go after something more daring. I think we can learn from this persistence and perseverance. If you must ask me to name a particular actor I like, I really can't say it all.

I rarely think about these issues directly. But now I think it is very interesting to make such an appeal and expression. Because Maria combines fashion design and femininity in a very beautiful and fashionable way to convey the power that a modern woman seeks. This power is the power of gentleness, which is more powerful than masculinity. The most important thing is that it has a "resilience", which I think is one of the most important traits of modern women.

There should be no such thing as a standard. I think how you want to live, how you want to dress, how to do, because these are a way to express your attitude. When it comes to personality traits, I think as a woman, you first have to be a real sense of "human", and people are complex and diverse. So in terms of dressing, it's not like you're a big woman if you dress very, very Tough today. In Maria's designs, you can see the sensitive side of a woman in a leather jacket, or the strong side of a woman in a sarong. Women, really, can't be summed up and defined by just a few words, she is a contradictory and complex beauty in itself. Just like the look I'm wearing today, it's a blazer worn by a working woman, paired with a romantic sarong, this kind of casual mix and match, both rigid and soft, it feels very self-conscious and great.

I think the most important thing is to "be brave and be yourself". You have to think about what you really want, what your dreams are, and then what you really don't want, you have to be brave enough to give up. What you think is your value, is where your happiness, you will be brave to pursue. Although I have not been able to do exactly what I said, but I know that these qualities have slowly begun to appear in the body of modern women, so they have a particularly powerful energy.