You don't see any impatience or incomprehension in him, all you see is patience and quiet strength. I think we're quite similar in this regard.

I don't think playing a pervert is a breakthrough, or playing a role that seems more challenging in terms of identity is a breakthrough.

I know that what I really love is to tap into the heart, what I really love is the emotions, what I really love is to be an actor. So no matter what people say, iconoclastic or strength, it does not matter, because it is not a movie, not the person put on the screen, just a peripheral evaluation, this evaluation I think how to accept.

The producer or investor will see that I will be more anxious because I do not know how to recommend the film, I just feel that after the performance, I have sealed this memory with this role, completed, the role to this place has been completed, I will start the following work.

I felt like I was seeing the director and Emile Heskey again this time on ...... because I hadn't seen them for a long time, the last time I saw them at the Beijing Film Festival. I'm happy that we had the opportunity to talk about the play and chat together again. I am grateful to the Shanghai Film Festival for allowing this film to be the opening film.

I was approached by the producer, but it was the director who decided after looking at the photos. I think this is a very rare opportunity for me, for any actor.

I haven't seen it, but I know he is a director who has won many prestigious awards. I think he is really a quiet soul, you can't see any impatience or incomprehension in him, all you see is patience and quiet strength. I think we are quite similar in this. We didn't have much chatting and communication in the scene, we were both willing to sink down and feel that environment. I remember one morning when we were having breakfast, I saw him eating breakfast next to me, and he finished his breakfast with his eyes closed, not closing his eyes, but thinking all the time. Even for such an accomplished and respected director, he was still entering his film world in the most unpretentious way, with no shortcuts. I could feel his quiet power.

The director doesn't see people through colored glasses, because he is a foreigner. He is also a quiet soul who is able to see the open possibilities. I have grown up in these years and my heart has more possibilities compared to the original, and I myself can see more possibilities for myself. I don't think a widow with a child, a single mother is a challenge, as long as you stand on camera is a challenge, no matter what you have to play, what you do, when the camera turns you will not panic, this time in the end how much power, this is what you should grasp as an actor. Not that I want to play a pervert today or a murderer tomorrow, how do I break through, it's not like that.

I'm not young anymore, I'll be 30 in two months, I'm far from young. I should say that I started slowly in my early 20s, and as I said before, it was through literary films that I found myself at that time, and that novel changed my understanding of how to enter the role.

It was not because of my role, but because when Emile Heskey read the letter, I felt that I saw a lot of European cinema - simple, without a word of excess, without sensational words, just like that, it ended. I felt quite moved.

I think there are not so many language and border barriers in filmmaking, we all seem to be particularly unified, no matter which country, once we shout "start", we all have a concentrated force. We don't need to communicate too much, what we want, we basically know what we want.

In fact, I have not been in any of the films you say that the situation, I do not see a lot of peripheral happenings, especially focused. The protection of the actor's state is in which the play has, if it interferes with the emotions people will be very sensitive. This is the same.

Emile is a particularly relaxed actor, you usually get along with him completely do not see in the film side of the seriousness and sense of gravity. This is really a talented actor, he is also intentionally relaxed himself, I often joke with him, this chat later how to pull themselves back, but when shooting we came back.

There is no greatest breakthrough, nor any limitations that have always been there, it is all about the completion of each and every opportunity, all factors determine the impression of the play. But for me, my life as an actor I am moving forward, and do not feel that playing a pervert is a breakthrough, or play a role in the identity of the seemingly more challenging to have a breakthrough. Everyone here has a story to tell and is worth digging for, but how deep to dig is where an actor needs to go.

I myself do not feel that there are those problems, nor do I feel that when acting will be the role of what kind of consideration in the. In fact, the film is such a large closed space, when the lights are off the audience's heart is the role and story. This is the process of receiving information. It's not that we need to update our understanding. Because it is true that I have not done a TV series for more than ten years, many people have not seen the movies I played, and I still have the impression of being 17 years old. It's not that it has anything to do with age, it's just that the state I was in as a child is not the same as the one I am now.

I don't even mind their comments. I have no pressure, the real test after the film is the audience, as long as the film has seen what kind of comments are accepted.

This is not something I think about, it's simplistic for me. Some people go to see it and see what people think afterwards, if they see it, they will think it is an actor's perspective.

Do I have the right to pick? I think actors are relatively passive, the so-called a look at the kind of talent that can stimulate every cell of your script is certainly not every script is like this, you need to adjust themselves.

No, I like that kind of meticulous, slow state, but do not exclude any possibilities, I think art is all connected.

Everyone has a lonely soul deep inside, even if you are in a lively occasion, but in fact, you are still facing yourself for a longer time.

I'm sure there are times when I'm lonely, because I'm especially nerdy, sometimes I stay at home for a few days and don't go out, and at that time I'll search WeChat, and sometimes I'll look for friends and say come out for dinner, or I'll go out for a stroll.

There are also, but we are busier, hair, more students.

I basically defused it myself, some things are more annoying the more you talk about. I'm okay, I'm okay with friends together with a relaxed shopping, watching movies, chatting.