After receiving the invitation to read this novel for the first time, I originally thought it was just an ancient costume novel, and after reading it, I felt that my previous thoughts were really preconceived. The immortal subject matter tends to make people have conceptualized things, such as immortal clothes floating or flying around. However, Bai Shallow is a character with a very rich emotional volume. If a person can really live tens of thousands of years, how does she spend every day of those tens of thousands of years? If every day is just a routine, what is the point of tens of thousands of years? This is what I find most interesting. At the end, Bai Sha realizes that what she has been running away from is perhaps the best thing of all. This is the inspiration that the character brings to the reader, and it is also the entry point for my performance.

I once wrote a thing about this movie and Bai Shallow, almost tens of thousands of words, all my personal understanding, I don't know if anyone read it.

Billy August (one-time Oscar and two-time Palme d'Or winner) was the director I couldn't refuse, and Ying was the character I couldn't refuse. Everyone thinks I can't play a widow, and in a way I'm a stereotyped actor, but I know I'm malleable, but empty explanations usually pale in comparison. The way Billy August sees me is different. He doesn't set me up with any templates or routines. He gives me trust, and I want to return that trust with a competent performance, and I trust him a lot, and trust is one of the best gifts I think people can give to people.

When I see inaccurate news, I don't get nervous for myself, I just feel for my staff, who are definitely nervous. But it's useless to be nervous. When faced with something, it's either keep worrying or just be myself. The best response to inaccuracies is to ignore them. I've also had that somewhat naughty thought that when I see something funny and ridiculous said, I think, if I just go along with it, will they be shocked? Haha. Like I do now to ignore everything, people will probably find me particularly boring.

The photos are clear, so what can I do? I rarely look at my phone, and I don't brush Weibo and friends, it's easy to let life fall into a mechanical state, to say the least, a little self-evasion. I don't want to live like this.

Once, I was playing at my girlfriend's house, two girls stared at each other, and then I said, "Let's go on a trip? The two of us really left the next day. This is the way to have fun when you travel.

A few years ago I went to Australia to see my cousin, and one night I went out to the beach carrying a bottle of wine and wanted to see the sunrise. As a result,......, I fell asleep drinking and opened my eyes already at noon. A bottle of wine, a person, a foreign country, quite romantic.

In my opinion, the real adventure is to not care about the outcome. A thing comes to you, may be a very good result, may also be very bad results, we do not care about the results in the end how, only feel the process. For example, I once took a play without reading the script. It was a very crazy thing, and the experience was very good.

Age is just a number. A girl in her teens may already be over 30 years old mentally. A woman in her 40s could still have the heart of an 18-year-old girl. In either case, it's lovely.
