In fact, an actor is not able to decide what to play, you can only do this project and the book to your hands, you decide to do it when you have to commit yourself 100% to this work, responsible for themselves, to be the best version of themselves. This is not easy, because it's easy to get a job done, but it's hard to be the best you can be.

Neither is the biggest problem, because it's all about being an actor, and you'll be happy when you do it.

In fact, the shooting of this scene is basically one or two over, because the director he is a feeling to shoot a documentary to shoot, he trusts the state of the actors, we are shooting time is actually very tight, only a month's time. There is no one scene that will be particularly difficult, we seem to be simplifying, such as shooting in the mud, such impossible things, or the language barrier quarrels and other seemingly very difficult scenes, but on the contrary are a pass, he felt OK, it is OK.

I was shooting without looking at the monitor, the director is also more in favor of this. I think the actors should focus on their own intuitive feelings, because such a subject matter requires a sense of realism and texture, and then there are not a lot of lines, it's all about the communication between the actors. You can feel that it has its own particular precise message that you want to express.

You can't grasp it, because if you want to grasp it, it becomes a dilemma that you try to get closer, but you're not close enough. You have to believe that you are, and this state is what the director and we all want to pursue. After you believe you are, how you will react, how you will perform, it will become more convincing. If you try to pinch or grasp, it may be a way that the director can't accept, because the director does put authenticity first.

These two mothers are not easy. Su Su in Three Lives also went through a lot of trials and tribulations, while Yingzi's story takes place in the modern era, so I can appreciate her difficulties, although they are different kinds of difficulties. When I was in the shooting space, I would imagine what kind of loneliness and vulnerability she felt when she was in the dead of night, in such a turbulent era, with a daughter on her own.

Of course, I think that every role is the beginning of a destiny if you decide to play it. Every time an actor performs, he thinks about how to bring himself to the limit, because each time the limit may be different, and he hopes that different characters will have different degrees of fullness.

I don't really watch that many movies, especially during filming, so you probably still have to keep yourself from being influenced by other films. This drama has a very unique perspective, a female perspective, an identity that may not be very accepted by society at the time, so it may be different from some of our previous war films. It may be a bit more depressing, not so much war scenes.

In fact, when we hear the word "widow", we may have preconceived notions. For me, the challenge may be to take away the world's notion of widows and my own notion of this word. Yingzi has a lot of repression, a lot of taboos, which leads to her feelings being repressed, but she really needs (the feelings), love does happen, and she needs her own space.

Her contradictory and complex psychology is the very flavorful part of this character, so do not tell yourself what you should do at this time when acting, but after you have a sense of conviction in your character setting, you will naturally accept the stimulation of the language given to you by the other side or the direction of the story, you will have a lot of improvised emotions and performances.

When you have your own direction, you know where your distance is and you can get closer, not that the role is so different, because in fact every actor is very imaginative and has great conviction. For me, the difficulty of playing a village girl widow is not as difficult as believing you can fly, in fact, it is the same. Because as long as you are playing the moment, you have to believe that you are such a character, including the previous role of Emotionless ("The Four Greatest Catchers") is also the same, she always has to be in a wheelchair. The experience and challenge of each role is different, but there is nothing that can't be overcome.

It's actually quite consistent. There's a certain temperament in filmmakers that is very similar, even if they don't speak the same language. Because everyone is in pursuit of status, every department is, and so are the actors. Everyone works in a very focused way, without so many contradictions and misunderstandings.
