The two eyes of the little fish are very close to me, it is a very small fish, gray, just stop and look at me.

When it sees you, it seems to really have a friend kind of feeling.

No, is to meet friends.

I'm usually quite an unorthodox actress, and I don't purposely keep in shape - of course, this is not worth learning. Anyway, I can really relax and think about it, but if I get up for a scene, I can immediately turn myself into an inhuman state.

It's best to look at it from a normal perspective.

Will not consider the consequences.

At that time, I had no choice but to shoot, I also feel that I encountered this film at this stage of my life and the things I experienced during the shooting, is that nothing else can replace it.

Between scenes and scenes, you will feel that the story in the middle of those gaps is more than what is reflected on the outside, which is very interesting. But he didn't write it.

Because the director knows very well that if he talks to you, it is something he fills in, and it is different from yours, so he does not say anything, which I think is also very cute.

He waits for you, you have to come in again anyway.

Less is more, is not absolute, is also one of the optional state, when you master a lot of possibilities, will be according to their own state at a certain moment, find the right way, free choice.

The play, only real and false, the level of complexity and simplicity, there is no right or wrong.

Because, all people are living, in and out of the drama, all have to live the same.

The relationship with yourself is more important, right? If the relationship with yourself is smooth, the external relationship will be smooth. Think about it, from birth, we are alone, right? In fact, the biggest issue along the way is the relationship between yourself and yourself, which is the basis for your communication with others.

You can't hold a funny mind to speculate, or need to face this subject very seriously.

In fact, did you know that most of the time actors are performing without physical objects, why? Because when shooting close-ups, some actors are particularly accustomed to or need to opponents to play with each other, but sometimes the conditions do not allow, such as the angle, the camera does not allow, or telephoto crane is particularly far away, you can not see the opponent, that time is in the scene with the air acting onlookers do not know, if you look at that situation, will feel particularly funny, but they do not feel funny when full.

I don't want to look at it, and I don't want to summarize any gains or losses after shooting. I just want to jump out and try not to perform in a narcissistic situation.

Sometimes even more complicated problems and things, you still have to experience, and then to solve, right?

The baggage is getting heavier and heavier. When the time comes, you will begin to feel that you really have to let go, press everyone's expectations and praise for you, really have to who into a time, but rather good.

The work partners you face, the role you play and the media you need to face, all require you to have a very mature mindset. I will feel that if I tell them my real thoughts straightforwardly, others will certainly feel very naive, so I let myself try to lean a little bit to create, and the truths heard elsewhere, sometimes directly used, in fact, it is also seemingly understandable.

Other people's things are other people's, perhaps I need more, is their own ideas, even if they are not so perfect insights.

I am a mixed soul, I am so pretentious.

The character Bai Shallow, also quite poor, she said herself, lived for so long, lived without knowing the dream is real, or live into a dream ... If she has been a deep muddy circle of living, you say, that time has meaning?

This is a good question, this question really did not think about it or just be a human being ... this question is really difficult to answer.

But sometimes I think that we can actively choose how to feel and get in touch with our emotions, and this is really what the profession of an actor tells us.

The word "alert" may not be a good word, I think it's not quite right, a person is always alert and aware of themselves, maybe it's right, but the problem is that this should be divided into time. The best person, in fact, is choosing every moment and knows what he wants to do. Letting go is also an idea, but I'm not always able to do that.

I touched my head and felt that it was not so hot, so I did not say anything.

I coughed for almost two or three months, and it didn't go away.

You have to pick the right kind of thing in terms of skin care, something you trust.

So basically, I think it's a good idea to rest, exercise, sleep well, and choose the right mask and skin care products.

I'd love to try it, but so far I haven't found anything particularly suitable, and I hope you have a chance to recommend some to me.

Breathing, perhaps more important than the action it.

Sun protection. Other aspects, if a girl wants to wear a dress to look good, this "flesh" or something, also have to practice a practice.

Running. The first, you sweat metabolism up after the whole fast, the mood will become good, and then you will feel that running on the cardiorespiratory function is a very good exercise. And running is the easiest, it is not so picky place, you can just find a place to run up.

Yes, I've always been lonely ah.

Everyone should have a lot of ideas about their own grand moment, essentially girlfriends can not say, if you must give friends such advice, I may think simple is good.

A little lighter, a little thinner, natural best.

It was hard for me at that time to take a role in a good dishwasher, a female first, but the result was not white and sweet in the general sense.

I slowly began to like that makeup, because the face looks particularly thin.

I don't feel safe, and I don't open myself enough.

It's after the age of 20s that the concept has completely changed, and I don't think at all that I must be beautiful in front of the screen. On the contrary, I will tell the stylist, try not to wear makeup, or try to be based on the role, if she is very tired, did not sleep well, or just cried, then do not use powder to cover the bags under my eyes. All stay, stay.

In fact, I don't know why at all, because it was a role that I played more than ten years ago, so maybe people have accepted this title passively like I did, so it has become a preconception. But I slowly found that I have nothing much to do with this name, and I hope that people treat me as a real person, because I think it's more interesting to be a real person.

I don't have a fixed state, sometimes I have big emotional ups and downs, sometimes I'm very quiet, but I can also be very loud.

My friends around me say that my personality is more direct.

For my current work and life, I am quite sober, especially actors have to do a lot of interviews, and often asked whether you are a very ambitious person.

I am very clear about my direction, and often find my true self back, and then think about what I want, and how to achieve the current dream. If you don't have a clear head, it's easy to be an actor and get carried away unconsciously.

I don't purposely watch the movies I've acted in, but sometimes when I see a TV replay, I think I acted quite vividly at that time. But basically I don't stay at the same point, what I'm going to do in the future is what I'm looking forward to.

I rarely use perfume in my daily life, but if I do, I prefer sweet floral perfumes, mainly not too strong and pungent, and I think the amount of perfume used must be well controlled in order to bring out the charm of perfume.

It is especially important to maintain mental health, my skin is unisex, not enough rest may grow small blisters, but otherwise there is no skin problems in general. I don't wear a lot of makeup on days when I'm not working, so I basically apply BB cream and sunscreen in addition to basic skin care, and then apply some lipstick depending on the mood of the day. When filming often have to do some dangerous actions, or because of staying up late very sleepy, I must try to keep myself focused, only the spirit of concentration to avoid all kinds of small accidents. At the same time to know how to relax and take good care of themselves, to get time to sleep and rest, and often do stretching or running. When I'm not working, I'll read a book or play with my cat, which helps to keep my mind balanced and healthy.

I usually wear flat shoes, jeans and dark shirts more often. And I have bought a lot of sunglasses, I can't say it's a collection, just a necessity, because it's easier to buy without trying too much, and it fits well with the clothes.

I've been to the Maldives twice, and I love diving there, I can relax and feel at ease, as long as I put on enough sunscreen I'm not afraid of the sun.