If you can be very at peace with yourself, you will find a lot of inspiration in big and small ways, and there will be some space to let the light in.

I still recognize the idea of divergence and can accept having sudden changes of pace and letting go.

This is fair enough, but actors and artists are working with their hearts, and the heart cannot be adulterated. It depends on whether you have the content or not. When you have content, everything will definitely turn to the positive.

When we were young, we took a lot of blows before we dared to take a step forward, and when we were 13 or 14 years old, we were really timid. At that time you would use the known way of thinking and known knowledge to cover the unknown, and then you still think you're trying ......

I think the truth is often better than you think, and dreams are often bigger than you think, is this statement very inspirational?

I'm still ready to pull back the frequency of impatience a little bit, like a rubber band, to be calm first, before you can make a scene.

That light is always there, so you can go for the adventure, you can choose to go further or take a step back, all the initiative is on your side, all the growth and gains belong to you. We will face a series of other people's perception of you, other people's expectations of you, including their own limited standard of perfection, but what if, what I want is better?

Sometimes the words are not as powerful as they could be.

I will be hard on myself in a particularly small way, if I send a circle of friends this thing, I can not help but keep sending ...... is actually trying to restrain the comfort zone, to develop a very strange fetish of their own, right.

For example, while I experience life, while still playing with my phone, while still thinking about other things, that this experience life and did not do the same.

I hope to be a good man again as soon as possible.

In fact, there is a 'Great White' in everyone's heart, and the 'Great White' is the love in each of our hearts. Unconditional, accept yourself, is the starting point of creation.

The charm of a woman with an inner abundance emanates exponentially. In addition to being young and beautiful, with a good figure and good skin, she can have too many qualities, so why bother limiting people by gender? People must have room for growth and potential.

I will insist on what I have decided to do, and I will keep doing it once I have decided.
