Especially the stories of those white angels who showed a strong fight to overcome the epidemic moved me and inspired us to do our job.

The only way to do that is to forget about me. I am not a person who wants to think so much. For the cause I love, the only and greatest respect is to make it pure.

When acting, I will only feel comfortable, smooth or not, if smooth, you will feel very comfortable and very relaxed feeling. This is how I felt at the time, a more positive energy.

One thing I'm still very confident about is that no matter if it's a big production or a small budget, no matter if it's a commercial film or a literary film, as long as I take the role, as long as I walk into the dressing room and the set, I'm 100% committed and will give her my respect as an actor.

No matter how big or small the role is, there is no lazy way to enter her, not that I think the role is particularly important, so I prepare more, think the role is not important, so I prepare less. I have to adjust myself to a state of balance, a state of zero.

Presenting the real side of a person is the most attractive to me, not one-sided to say that she is a hero, she is very brave, is very filial. Human nature is rich and layered, and sometimes one of her decisions comes from a mix of emotions, not just what literally comes out.

I think she is a person who lives in the moment and is very direct, she doesn't think ahead and make her own decisions. She didn't feel like she was doing a big thing. She just did what she wanted to do at that moment in a very real way. This sense of authenticity is part of the most precious quality in each of us.

You get a sense of Mulan's growth, how she discovered her inner self and became herself. When we were kids or just starting out, we always felt that there was a seemingly clear 'look' to growing up, believing that we would one day be powerful or radiant, but in fact that kind of self has always been there. To grow is to become yourself, and it will truly surprise you, not what you should become. The pursuit of an illusory self is such a goal that you mistakenly think it is important, but it is actually powerless.

Had a bit of a fever last night.

That's okay.

Improvising? What's the music like?

I'm grateful for the profession of acting, it means so much to me, far more than just flowers and applause. All of my life issues, changes in the way I see people, the world, and myself, have come from my profession. Because the profession of actor requires me to see myself, otherwise there is no way to release myself and adjust myself.

I have always believed that I can use creation to create possibilities and sparkle for my characters, and I am happy with this process because I am abundant inside. So, I am happy that I experienced every role in those previous ten years, and they are the ones that brought me a condensed life experience. Sometimes when you go back to your life after a play and look at some of the problems you faced before, you find that they have become smaller or have a newer perspective to create the moment you want.

The way is external, the key is what kind of mood and awareness you want to do something with, and that's what determines what you're really doing. For example, if a friend recommends a book to you and says it's particularly good, you read it, but your mind isn't even on the book when you read it, you won't actually get anything out of it.

Is East East so famous?

Every time I come home, it does not come close to me first, some cats will see you and jump on you, but it does not, it just wanders around not far from where you can see, meaning pay attention, I am here.

We generally do our own work, but sometimes I am in the study reading or writing something, they like to come over, a pile of black, a pile of white lying next to the guard, maybe they also like that quiet energy it.

The essence of life is the same, isn't it?

Doing my best.