Hello everyone. Hello again!

Ok, definitely.

Jumping so fast, so many people ......

How to show?

To be honest I often asked the manager of the advertising department when I was shooting, I said what the theme idea of this issue in the end is the feeling, to be honest I until the end of the shooting is still vague, I know is sour and sweet vague between young boys and girls very cute family, friendship, love. The young kind of sour and sweet love feeling.

In fact, I think acting may not necessarily have to be professional, sometimes non-technical origin more natural, Yi Jianlian is a very good example, very perceptive. Although very tall, but very flexible in front of the camera, but also very surprising to us.

Shot for two days.

Just saw a full version over at the ad manager.

What do you think?

She's very, very cute.

How is it possible? It is a very interesting story, if a man and a woman to perform, or two women and a man to perform the feeling is different, there is a family, friendship between the feeling.

Why can not grasp. This time, it is a very natural performance, how you want to play, the director can accept it, you can shoot a lot of self-perception, you can play freely, very good.

The height of the reference is right? I'm at a disadvantage, I didn't feel short, but once I got in front of him, I became a villain. If I compare with him, just a little above his waist.

I asked the advertisers, they thought the contrast in height was a very cute and artistic arrangement, with a sense of drama, very much like a story.

It went very smoothly and was a lot of fun. Everyone was very attentive to making this ad.

Everyone has their own opinion, some people think it's cute, some people think it's very mature, they like it or not, of course I will listen to many of my friends' opinions.

This is basically what I look like, I do all my own makeup.

There is a specially appointed makeup artist.

It was fun to have a shot inside the Erie advertising box, expanded many times, I sat on top, Yi Jianlian and the girl below, I was very far from the ground, but see Yi Jianlian stood up and I was about the same height, the height is really good, in the box above has been shaking, I think it is very dangerous. Very fun, very fresh shooting feeling.

There is one, often come over to visit the class.

Very happy to see everyone, no matter what kind of publicity I do support me, support each of my works including my advertising, and your opinions I am often listening, thank you very much for your concern.

I hope you will support me more.

Do not delay your studies for me, so I will feel guilty.

Ask the advertisers well.

Yili is a very good brand, as a child also drank, feel that Yogurt represents the period of young boys and girls Yogurt sour and sweet feeling a little bit of a small movie.

It's different, we generally see me in costume inside the play, this time it's fashion and so cute more sporty girls, so I think it's quite fun.

In fact, everyone is very cute, has been very concerned about me on this issue, I think my own heart's beautiful vision of love is my own inner little secret, I hope you can keep this secret for me, this way I will be very happy, thank you very much.

When I think about the story of the storm between my shooting, it is that kind of taste, and there is a very sweet feeling, sometimes there will be some very bitter and sour feeling.

Since Goddess of Mercy has improved over the original work, I hope that future works will also slowly progress to a higher level, Goddess of Mercy is a very good starting point for me, I will improve myself on this basis, so that I can progress.

Will definitely go to Taiwan, two days ago I heard Mr. Zhang said, Beijing and Shanghai will also have publicity.

Like, sports and travel when very like to wear.

What do people want me to play? I'm still in the process of preparing the record.

The exact time is not fixed, they said we should meet with you in June and July.

If I don't have any important promotions in between, I'll be back.

I'm ashamed to say that I've only finished recording a few songs, and the repertoire of songs is always changing.

The songs are more medium melody songs, fast and slow songs.

I want to sing, but my agency won't allow me to sing before I make a record.

It depends on the level of support, it should be opened, but the time is not sure.

It's true that there are a lot of commercial factors involved.

What do people want me to say? I feel that it is good to drink, when I was filming the sword of immortality in Hengdian happens to sell yogurt, I often invite the crew to drink together, they all feel very good to drink, especially in the summer is very thirsty.

Is there?

I don't think so, I just like singing and dancing more. Before there was not so much time for me to have development and learning in this area, although I can dance, but not like the kind of fast dance when singing, I think it is very interesting.

It seems that I sang.

If you want to listen to Liu Yifei singing, you can go on Sohu to listen to the commercial song sung by Liu Yifei. Do you think the singing is good?

I think it's pretty good.

Maybe in that chat room said Liu Yifei ......

Honestly have seen, in Japan when I came back before trying to check the information of the divine sculpture, inadvertently saw that I am a transgender, before saying my age, gender, these issues, people have said, only he is put a variety of. This person I do not want to respond too much to him, his purpose is to make you respond, continue to hype, very boring.

By the way read a little.

He should criticize you after you do this issue.

His purpose is to get me to return the favor and not give him the opportunity to do so. There is no need to do so, this instead fired him up, it's really unnecessary, everyone who looks at the IQ normal people will have their own opinion on this matter.

Everyone has a different way of approaching problems.

I also want to ask you this question, I played each role to them all have a kind of emotion, not the role itself, but all the shooting process in mind, it is difficult to say, but certainly the role of the little dragon girl is a little more challenging.

Of course it is the Divine Eagle.

No.

Yesterday with Mr. Zhang to do publicity, we saw this article together, then think how do not know this thing. It does not matter, Mr. Zhang has helped me a lot in my acting career, giving such a heavy burden to a newcomer and giving me a lot of learning opportunities. I do want to play in the Deer Ding Ji, I do have a little time problem, after recording the record to go to the United States to study, it is a pity.

I'm sorry to say that I'm a fan of the same thing, I'm encouraged and like me, and I want to present my best side to everyone.

The day was a meet and greet inside a shopping mall, we were brought in directly, a lot of people, the scene was really chaotic. Mr. Zhang was very afraid that fans would step on him, and he kept pushing and pushing when he spoke. I think the fans in Wuhan are very enthusiastic.

I really like to eat candy canes.

I just ate boiled fish at the one next door.

Of course, I was also very worried about this problem, but in the end I thought that art should have no borders, not to mention that I can bring the good spirit of the Chinese people to them, can bring some of their good things in art to us, I think it is a very meaningful approach. I hope everyone can support it.

I prefer tennis, basketball I often watch, but may not be tall enough in all aspects.

I don't know these domestic athletes particularly well, and then they showed me the information, I think he is very good.

I'm two years younger than him.

Really?

I really didn't know he was younger than me, he looks very mature, actually maturity is also very good.

It's hard to tell everything, it depends on fate.

It is also possible to like the host.

No.

I think I like it a lot, so I'm going to the United States to study music.

I will see, I will make some film and television works.

And everyone in the website direct communication can also be, but afraid that everyone disappointed, because of work busy what reason there is no way to update every day. I went to do publicity together with Chen Zixuan, she is very passionate about blogging, eat a small soup bun also shot down and sent over, but also often pulled me together with photos.

Time flies, I am very happy to have face-to-face communication with you in such a short time, I hope you will support Yili Yogurt, support me, support my role as the little dragon girl, I hope you will be healthy and happy every day.
