It's all very satisfying, the photos fit together very well, the shoot went exceptionally fast I was amazed, and I felt happy to see a new side of myself.

The truth is that although pursuing perfection in these areas helps me become a better actor, I don't just strive for it because of that. My mother was a dancer per se, so I was always interested in the arts, and I started wanting to be an actress when I was four or five, and my dream has been in motion ever since, and not once have I doubted my dream, never thinking it was out of reach.

Vivien Leigh, Audrey Hepburn, I saw their movies many times when I was a kid, like "Gone with the Wind" and "Roman Holiday", and I still think they are very good movies.

I lived in the US when I was 10-14 years old, so it still helped when I was making movies in English. The Hollywood movies I appeared in, "The King of Kung Fu" and "The White Ghost Legend: The Desperate Escape", were both auditioned in English, which really helped to broaden the range of acting options. In fact, from a young person's point of view, most of the Eastern and Western ways of thinking seem to be mixed together and have a lot in common, so I'm not the only one who thinks so. I think young people in America used to be very outgoing, simple and straightforward, but now both Eastern and Western young people are more open and receptive to more possibilities.

In fact, I get more ideas when I shoot overseas than when I travel. Each time, depending on the role, you see the world differently. I have filmed in the United States before, and every time I get to that time I have a lot of feelings, and likewise when I travel, I think the mindset will have a big impact on the impression of the place I travel to.

The new Sinister Ghost" has come to South Korea to promote, so Seoul in my impression is very friendly, I came to the fans know in advance, in the airport when you can see a lot of fans, do not feel strange at all but feel very friendly, and in the Korean diet I like the most troop soup.

At that time, I was about 15 years old, but now I am 28 years old. Looking back on my 13 years, the thing that has changed the most is my mentality. Every actress should have a dream of becoming a star, so when I first started school, I had a lot of energy to pursue my dream, and I loved that. But I started to look for my real dream after I turned 20 and realized that people's cheers and applause did not bring me complete satisfaction. That's when I started to look for a real breakthrough in art. So for the past few years, I have been trying to become an actress who pours all her heart and soul into her creative work.

The characters in Mr. Jin Yong's works are very charming and I am honored to be able to portray them. It would be very different if I were to portray the previous roles now, when I was only 15-17 years old and still very young. To be honest, I prefer the role I'm playing now, and I'm playing it to the best of my ability within the framework of the script. It's hard to say which character I like the most, but I prefer a character with a lot of power.

To be honest, I think there are a lot of actresses or women who are prettier than me. As an actress, appearance is not only what you look like on screen, but also what you bring out from your emotions when you act. Especially when acting, the eyes are the most attractive. I rarely looked in the mirror when I was filming before, I didn't care much about my appearance.

I think there are many sides to my personality, but to sum it up in one sentence, I think my personality is relatively free, never bound by the rules and regulations, when talking to others, I will shrink to the side or just sit on the floor. I think I have a good personality, but I also have a domineering side, but this side of domineering seems to only be expressed through acting.

I dress more casually, preferring to wear a T-shirt over my jeans and also a shirt. I am the kind of person who wants to minimize the time to prepare for going out, so I just wear that.

I'm working on three new films this year, one of which is "Rescue of the Flying Tigers" with Oscar and Palme d'Or winning European director Bill August, who always says, "Just think about it. All, of course, does not mean to throw away all, but to allow for more possibilities. If I have this mindset, the next year will be very interesting for me, I think.

Hello everyone. Hello again!

Ok, definitely.

Jumping so fast, so many people ......

How to show?

To be honest I often asked the manager of the advertising department when I was shooting, I said what the theme idea of this issue in the end is the feeling, to be honest I until the end of the shooting is still vague, I know is sour and sweet vague between young boys and girls very cute family, friendship, love. The young kind of sour and sweet love feeling.

In fact, I think acting may not necessarily have to be professional, sometimes non-technical origin more natural, Yi Jianlian is a very good example, very perceptive. Although very tall, but very flexible in front of the camera, but also very surprising to us.

Shot for two days.

Just saw a full version over at the ad manager.

What do you think?

She's very, very cute.

How is it possible? It is a very interesting story, if a man and a woman to perform, or two women and a man to perform the feeling is different, there is a family, friendship between the feeling.

Why can not grasp. This time, it is a very natural performance, how you want to play, the director can accept it, you can shoot a lot of self-perception, you can play freely, very good.

The height of the reference is right? I'm at a disadvantage, I didn't feel short, but once I got in front of him, I became a villain. If I compare with him, just a little above his waist.

I asked the advertisers, they thought the contrast in height was a very cute and artistic arrangement, with a sense of drama, very much like a story.

It went very smoothly and was a lot of fun. Everyone was very attentive to making this ad.

Everyone has their own opinion, some people think it's cute, some people think it's very mature, they like it or not, of course I will listen to many of my friends' opinions.

This is basically what I look like, I do all my own makeup.

There is a specially appointed makeup artist.

It was fun to have a shot inside the Erie advertising box, expanded many times, I sat on top, Yi Jianlian and the girl below, I was very far from the ground, but see Yi Jianlian stood up and I was about the same height, the height is really good, in the box above has been shaking, I think it is very dangerous. Very fun, very fresh shooting feeling.

There is one, often come over to visit the class.

Very happy to see everyone, no matter what kind of publicity I do support me, support each of my works including my advertising, and your opinions I am often listening, thank you very much for your concern.

I hope you will support me more.

Do not delay your studies for me, so I will feel guilty.

Ask the advertisers well.

Yili is a very good brand, as a child also drank, feel that Yogurt represents the period of young boys and girls Yogurt sour and sweet feeling a little bit of a small movie.

It's different, we generally see me in costume inside the play, this time it's fashion and so cute more sporty girls, so I think it's quite fun.

In fact, everyone is very cute, has been very concerned about me on this issue, I think my own heart's beautiful vision of love is my own inner little secret, I hope you can keep this secret for me, this way I will be very happy, thank you very much.

When I think about the story of the storm between my shooting, it is that kind of taste, and there is a very sweet feeling, sometimes there will be some very bitter and sour feeling.

Since Goddess of Mercy has improved over the original work, I hope that future works will also slowly progress to a higher level, Goddess of Mercy is a very good starting point for me, I will improve myself on this basis, so that I can progress.

Will definitely go to Taiwan, two days ago I heard Mr. Zhang said, Beijing and Shanghai will also have publicity.

Like, sports and travel when very like to wear.

What do people want me to play? I'm still in the process of preparing the record.

The exact time is not fixed, they said we should meet with you in June and July.

If I don't have any important promotions in between, I'll be back.

I'm ashamed to say that I've only finished recording a few songs, and the repertoire of songs is always changing.

The songs are more medium melody songs, fast and slow songs.

I want to sing, but my agency won't allow me to sing before I make a record.

It depends on the level of support, it should be opened, but the time is not sure.

It's true that there are a lot of commercial factors involved.

What do people want me to say? I feel that it is good to drink, when I was filming the sword of immortality in Hengdian happens to sell yogurt, I often invite the crew to drink together, they all feel very good to drink, especially in the summer is very thirsty.

Is there?

I don't think so, I just like singing and dancing more. Before there was not so much time for me to have development and learning in this area, although I can dance, but not like the kind of fast dance when singing, I think it is very interesting.

It seems that I sang.

If you want to listen to Liu Yifei singing, you can go on Sohu to listen to the commercial song sung by Liu Yifei. Do you think the singing is good?

I think it's pretty good.

Maybe in that chat room said Liu Yifei ......

Honestly have seen, in Japan when I came back before trying to check the information of the divine sculpture, inadvertently saw that I am a transgender, before saying my age, gender, these issues, people have said, only he is put a variety of. This person I do not want to respond too much to him, his purpose is to make you respond, continue to hype, very boring.

By the way read a little.

He should criticize you after you do this issue.

His purpose is to get me to return the favor and not give him the opportunity to do so. There is no need to do so, this instead fired him up, it's really unnecessary, everyone who looks at the IQ normal people will have their own opinion on this matter.

Everyone has a different way of approaching problems.

I also want to ask you this question, I played each role to them all have a kind of emotion, not the role itself, but all the shooting process in mind, it is difficult to say, but certainly the role of the little dragon girl is a little more challenging.

Of course it is the Divine Eagle.

No.

Yesterday with Mr. Zhang to do publicity, we saw this article together, then think how do not know this thing. It does not matter, Mr. Zhang has helped me a lot in my acting career, giving such a heavy burden to a newcomer and giving me a lot of learning opportunities. I do want to play in the Deer Ding Ji, I do have a little time problem, after recording the record to go to the United States to study, it is a pity.

I'm sorry to say that I'm a fan of the same thing, I'm encouraged and like me, and I want to present my best side to everyone.

The day was a meet and greet inside a shopping mall, we were brought in directly, a lot of people, the scene was really chaotic. Mr. Zhang was very afraid that fans would step on him, and he kept pushing and pushing when he spoke. I think the fans in Wuhan are very enthusiastic.

I really like to eat candy canes.

I just ate boiled fish at the one next door.

Of course, I was also very worried about this problem, but in the end I thought that art should have no borders, not to mention that I can bring the good spirit of the Chinese people to them, can bring some of their good things in art to us, I think it is a very meaningful approach. I hope everyone can support it.

I prefer tennis, basketball I often watch, but may not be tall enough in all aspects.

I don't know these domestic athletes particularly well, and then they showed me the information, I think he is very good.

I'm two years younger than him.

Really?

I really didn't know he was younger than me, he looks very mature, actually maturity is also very good.

It's hard to tell everything, it depends on fate.

It is also possible to like the host.

No.

I think I like it a lot, so I'm going to the United States to study music.

I will see, I will make some film and television works.

And everyone in the website direct communication can also be, but afraid that everyone disappointed, because of work busy what reason there is no way to update every day. I went to do publicity together with Chen Zixuan, she is very passionate about blogging, eat a small soup bun also shot down and sent over, but also often pulled me together with photos.

Time flies, I am very happy to have face-to-face communication with you in such a short time, I hope you will support Yili Yogurt, support me, support my role as the little dragon girl, I hope you will be healthy and happy every day.

It's the human nature of those things. I have acted in costume plays, modern plays, literary films, and also encountered very novel subjects. No matter who I play or what kind of clothes I wear, the key to everything lies in where your standards are. If you know where your surprise level is and where your standard is, you can't be bound by any kind of script.

More and more, I feel that the phrase "unlimited potential" is so true. What you know about life, what you know about yourself, and your state of being, all affect how a work plays out.

The interesting thing is that when you focus outwardly on the world, you will see many, many exciting things, but they are not really part of what you create. So, as an actor, you need to pull yourself back from the outside world of excitement.

Your heart, you may have to start from zero. There are a lot of times when there's actually a little bit of fear. You have to be a responsible person, you can't perform with a mask and experience, you have to bring your heart out. What you need to face is a new, re-learning process. As you gradually learn about human nature and you learn where your space is and want to give yourself one more chance, that is a scary point in time and a key that you need to be brave enough to face it. Whether it can actually change you and make you more creative or not depends on whether you can use the key well.

I like to wake up every day as a fresh version of myself.

I hold myself up to the mirror and look at myself, and I care about other people's feedback, like, is the opening scene beautiful? Later on, I think that you do fall in love with yourself in art, whether it's from approaching the character in appearance or from confidence building, it's a confirmation.

It's not a deliberate attempt to look ugly, but you slowly discover that there is something more in your heart when you lose the aura that your role gives you. Ah, it turns out that the previous intention is insignificant.

Now, I don't even look at myself in the mirror anymore, and I understand a lot of 'big truths', and I'm starting to realize what they really are.

I was struck by the sense of power in "The Clown" and "The Black Swan". That's the power that the real heart possesses, and it's hard to act. It is not something that we may come across in our daily lives, and those extreme characters, extreme humanity, are not always encountered. Now, trying to learn that will also give me a more intimate connection to acting. So, on that level, acting has really changed my life, I guess.

Acting has changed my personality and my self-perception a little bit. I wish I didn't have rules and regulations so that I wouldn't have barriers to getting into character. What has changed over the past decade or so is that I've become more tolerant, happier, and more focused on my inner self and perception.

Recently I've also been particularly interested in returning to the mindset I had a few years ago, the way I was well cultivated on the inside, but I don't think that idea is realistic.

That's all we have to talk about today. What is Buddhism? Don't lie to yourself that you really don't care about anything. Of course, if a person only cares about the results, saying that I am an actor is for fame and fortune, I also think that is a loss of the original intention. I am willing to abandon impatience, because it does not bring creative inspiration. I am willing to discover another side of myself and to nourish myself. I think my 'ambition' is the willingness to really know how to give and take. Dare to let go, that is very test of one's willpower.

But it doesn't matter, cognitive difference or time difference, people who are willing to take the time to see this actor, will naturally see. In fact, these also make me more powerful.

The most important thing is still the performance, these are only external aids. If you really want to find someone who is physically invincible, the director should go for an athlete, right? The most important thing for me in this movie is that all the physical training is just a homework, body language or learning to dive these skills can be learned quite like that, but ultimately, how delicate your performance is, how much you can become this person, this is the most difficult. This drama or any other drama, this is also the acting lesson I have been learning.

What? If you say you're cool, then you're not cool!

How good it is to go on a trip one day and use it.

I think the trend is to dare, dare to wear dare to be yourself. I actually like a lot of people's outfits now, often see people dressed casually, how comfortable how to come, but with a pretty good look, very own style.

Every time after doing exercise, after running, I am particularly happy. I also like to train myself to be in great shape and in good shape.

By the way, I'm not one to show off my muscles, but one day, I inadvertently posted a muscle selfie.

Beauty, as time goes by, also seems to take on a different meaning for me. At each stage, your perception of yourself is different, your energy is different, and it all presents itself differently.

The quest of the soul is higher and more beautiful. Why isn't strength and boldness beautiful? Why isn't coolness beautiful? Why isn't health beautiful? They are all beautiful. After letting go of narrow-mindedness, whether it is for beauty or otherwise, you will open and embrace to a better world.

Without regrets, I feel that every step I take in life is perfect. People will think, how is perfect? But actually think about it, my hobby or dream has not changed, this thing, I still dare every day, this path, I am still looking for. I put all my energy into the things I like, and that's happiness.

I want to be happy, I want to be happier, or I want to be closer to my dreams.

In fact, the mind is the best cosmetic. If the heart is not full of state, the use of the best cosmetics, or makeup is beautiful, but still lack of something, I think so myself. I most often do a good job is skin care, for skin care steps, I often go online to see other female artists how to maintain, learned, really useful.

Photographers, lighting artists, makeup artists, they will stare more closely than you, sharper and harsher. I would also occasionally self-confirm and adjust through the camera, but then I would not. Because an actor to the scene, is actually walking the scene, the play comfortable, the role feels right, more important than anything else.

I have not thought about this problem, what ugly or not, what image good or bad, these have not thought about. Take off the outside clothes, inside that set of clothes is the clothes you should care about. It seems to be like my comrades in arms.

I think it's interesting that this character doesn't cater to a convention, she expresses the truth, and this kind of reasonableness can sometimes give you some inspiration.

If you can't act well, it's useless to wear any clothes.

For me, it's a natural thing.

If I didn't have a play, I wouldn't be so enthusiastic, but because I love acting, I'm willing to do and learn and try everything.

I think this thing is amazing, actually muscle memory is more powerful than you think. It has been more than ten years now, but the muscles seem to remember very well, it will remind you somewhere at some time, and will also give you support in some places.

Just like when you are in a good mood, you will feel that running a few kilometers will not be tired. If you get into a role smoothly, you will make others feel that you have studied for a long time.

All these are as they should be.

It's just something that's easy for people to see and go on to promote in a paragraph interview.

These are not worth mentioning.

Step through that door and see how many minutes you can stay. If you can't, you'll be out in five minutes. It's not about relying on whether you're sleepy or not, it's about using your performance. What you can let others affirm is definitely not from sleepy or not.

I feel that I have gone farther than others think.

I don't have that kind of warmth in my bones.

I think they live quite in the moment, because they are very direct, courageous to express all the joy and sorrow; not because of the mistakes made and drown in grief, nor self-pity and self-hatred; understand the truth of life, but also do not give up the dream.

People are transient, and it is possible that inside a scene, you act out emotions that are mixed with vulnerability, strength, pain, and anger. This image can bring you some small thoughts or touches, and this is what I wanted to interpret them at that time.

I wanted to be able to take what I resisted and go digest it myself. Only in this way, you can rush out, your energy can be released. Otherwise, you will always feel that this thing to break off, you will take the road will turn, but also will bind themselves. I think this boldness still needs to have.

When you find something more important, something you love, it brings you happiness, other things are additional, additional things are not so important. You don't give up on that thing that you want to do for yourself.

I always believe that there are things that will express themselves without you having to say too much. You can't have distracting thoughts that have nothing to do with acting, only then can you maximize your energy.

The role will always bring you surprises, now is the era of content is king, how to create content is the answer that each actor can give himself, this is a lonely road. This may be my direction now and always in the future. I will not go directly to the pursuit of success or the pursuit of a beautiful result to act, I think the direct pursuit of a beautiful result is fruitless.

A lot of desk can't be written on the script. In the role of Zhao Pan'er, although the script does not depict, but the courtesan is Zhao Pan'er once identity, she can dance, this is the dark field account. So, all these things, I have taken into account, just say in which scene of which moment, I will show it. This is not my design for the character, but the characteristics of Zhao Pan'er's character, her prescribed situation, her state of life is such a state. The interesting thing about Zhao Pan'er is that she is not just a businesswoman, she has some artistic cells in her. Who can be a one-sided person? You have to investigate the character yourself and present the things that are not written in the script, instead of reflecting what the script wants to say.

You have to know how to create your inspiration, the character brings you much more depth and thickness than just - two spur-of-the-moment performances, the only thing left is to learn. On set, you have to be prepared for what you haven't used yet; there is no such thing as unpreparedness. You have to distinguish between your own state and the state of the character.

In my opinion, Xu Hongdou is a person who has mastered the rubber band principle very well. When a person is fully wound up every day, there is no creativity left. When you are empty, you will know: Oh, the clockwork is not tight enough, I can put it on again. In the end, it's a regulation of degrees. I remind myself to loosen up, to give myself space, to breathe and feel the moment.

When you focus on a woman, especially an actress, the light in her eyes, her emotions and her love are all presented by the camera without any lies, without any fakes. This is what I find particularly interesting about the camera, it only faithfully records the feelings of that moment. The moment the camera captures you, it has nothing to do with how old you are or what you look like, that moment is the light of the character. And these lights are far more interesting than the so-called facial features and body shape. The character is a moveable, deep, and able to change presentation, and it's really interesting to mix them together. Everyone has their own shape, which is given by their parents, and all you can do is to accept it. But, you see, it's the light in those characters, the emotions that are perceived and flow through them that are really interesting.

Everyone sticks to what they want to stick to and do what they want to do, and I often feel that I don't have to bring it up to talk about it. To put it another way, you don't have to explain. This is your own attitude. My attitude is to put my energy into things that really interest me.

People are transient, back and forth, each moment has different thoughts, and there are many, many feelings and emotions that come to you every single day." At certain moments, a string is taut in her heart. She said earlier that once she listens to music for a long time, she will start to be wary of the discomfort she feels after suddenly turning it off. When you play, you will subconsciously remind yourself can you let go and play? "Sometimes it's time to put it away, or I'll worry that I won't be able to put it back.

Huh? It's not good to say, I'm very spontaneous, nothing square!

Before, I always thought today and tomorrow would be very different. But every moment is making a decision, and every moment is the latest moment. So, thinking is never out of date. (If anything) I think, therefore I am, and it's an interesting process to understand my own thoughts. To be a fulfilled idler? If you really think so, you can't really be idle, because you will always have many, many wishes and dreams that you want to achieve. Just like a person who travels with a heavy or anxious heart, although the environment you arrive in is free, your heart does not feel free. Freedom is a state of mind, and everything flourishes all from the heart.

When I first saw the script, it was very long, and it drew me all the way down. First of all, she is very real, very complex, she has many layers, every decision and every experience she has is accompanied by very contradictory moods and emotions, so these things make me feel (dramatic) tension. It's not that I have one attitude towards something or someone from the beginning to the end, she is also in a constant process of getting to know herself. Zhao Pan'er is a more controversial, flesh-and-blood female character. In terms of the present, it's not about gender, everyone wants to know themselves, and then to know the world. At first, you will be hopeful and resilient, but often, if you present a person's vulnerability in a realistic way, I think that kind of truth is very moving to me, and also makes the resilience become more convincing.

Regardless of your profession, you have to be yourself first, right? Not only do I give strength to other people's characters, but I also benefit from the more powerful roles of Pan'er or Mulan. I have learned from the characters, and my colleagues, workmates, and friends, including some fans, make me feel that everyone has different strengths. Sometimes, they may be more powerful than me in some things. I think it's good, there is no pressure, we are all real people, just different professions.

I'm thankful that people like it. Actors start from scratch every time they act, even if they go back to work together again, because you play a different role. But then, I've had similar experiences before, where a new story finds people I've worked with before, and I think it's interesting, but to play it very differently. Sometimes there are pros and cons, and you can't be lazy and think it's easier to work with a team you've worked with before. In fact, going into a new role is starting a new creation, and there are no shortcuts. So, I think it depends on the character and the story, and I don't think too much about other things, but the story comes first.

I always believe that the beginning of a role is a brand new journey, you have to put your whole body and soul into a completely unknown state, this is the learning process. Every character has had its ups and downs. Your release, your repression, belongs to the character, but also to these feelings of mine. If I didn't have a passion for it, I wouldn't be doing it. It's become second nature to me, and that's what I'm always looking forward to - to keep moving into the next new role. As for how to stay passionate, I have my ways, haha, love doesn't need much reason.

I think it's all there. I've put in the work, and I feel that every mark is more or less left in the character. However, when the role is finished, it's over and you have to enter a new journey, which is the same process over and over again.

Zhao Pan'er is a very real and edgy person. Sometimes when people think of costume dramas they inevitably have a conceptualized perception, she breaks the past perception and is a completely different character in a costume drama. As a woman, the energy she possesses and the state she is in in the face of adversity is something I admire. She wasn't always so strong, but every time she encountered a setback, she found ways to be very alert to pull herself away and let herself blossom again, which was very inspiring.

(Onlookers) think I'm quiet. In fact, I'm quite lively and quite boisterous. Some characters are here, some are there, but when I return to Liu Yifei's state, I have to go back to the middle. So, I basically don't have much to do with the role, which is particularly interesting. You see, when my agent, assistant or colleagues see me, they think I am usually one person, but when I am acting, I am another person, which is quite split. Haha, but I think it's a good kind of split.

What is the most interesting thing about people? It's that you can't see through her. After watching the drama, you're still wondering how many layers this person has. When we act out the drama in this understanding, you feel that there is a lot of energy in each scene that is eager to explode. At the same time, there will also be a lot of things to recover, between the collection and release, the power of the drama itself. It's interesting that there are so many layers to a person's personality, which makes me feel very alive and vital.

Just like Zhao Pan'er as a teahouse owner, I couldn't be satisfied with just understanding the atmosphere of life in a particular era and mastering how to make tea, I would think about how I could bring myself to give life to a certain action or this character. I would think about how I could give life to a certain action or character. I would find the roots in my understanding of the environment of the time and the relationship between the characters.

You can't have any distractions in your head about your own life or emotions, and when acting, it's about how much you open yourself up to new things. Whenever you and the director are in sync on set, sometimes the improvisation that comes out of each other's inspiration, the things that can't be rehearsed again, are precious.

This past ten years, I would feel very fulfilled. I am very grateful that this past decade has changed my understanding of time. There are only 24 hours in a day, and time has its own rhythm. If you know how to start observing slowly and go deeper into yourself, you will find that time will slow down. Time is how you think about it, it is how to reply to your attitude.

In the film set is timid, also be scared to cry.

When I was young, I would think about what to do in the future? Be a host? To dance? Slowly, I became interested in acting, and seeing the actors on the screen, I found it mysterious and fascinating, and slowly led myself to the path of acting.

I was in my early twenties when I really knew the depth and breadth of filmmaking could be so profound, and for the first time I felt the joy of filmmaking, and it became a focus that supported me. The opportunity came because a role opened up a long path of the mind. Wow, I think about my own path now and I find it both lovely and scary. Really, I think about acting every day, and I hate to go to the extreme, just to experience the state of being an actor.

It's interesting to see us talking like this. Each stage of a person's life has a different main rhythm. There are challenges in all walks of life, and the challenge of being an actor, I think, is to study your emotions, you have to get very close to your heart. You have to do a good balance with what's going on in the outside world, otherwise it will affect your ability to get into the role. Acting can make you look back at yourself, what are you thinking about? Sometimes you have been drowning in a certain emotion, maybe for a long time in such a state, acting gives you the ability to discover your own emotions, so that I can understand the full state of life and emotions, so as to be more grateful for life.

One cannot dwell on past achievements, we still have to look forward. Comparison will give you a short-lived sense of security, and in fact, we need something completely new. If the work is good enough, it naturally has the energy to attract people to want to see it, and its appeal must be something particularly natural, not something that has a formula to calculate.

A work that analyzes human nature. The so-called classic is good enough in every way, in every sense. The goodness of a classic does not lie in how beautiful it is, how flashy it is, but more in the quality or the spiritual level of goodness that it gives to people, that you know how good it is and why it is good.

Because of the profession, it's easy to get sucked into a movie.

Stanislavski spent his life writing, even if he didn't finish it, in fact, there is enough left for the actors now to be valuable.

It really is very similar to the cat in the cartoon.

Must be happy, when you are happy, to be able to have more ideas and relaxed state.

I think it's okay, it can continue to be transparent, it's not a static state, but a continuous state. It's fun to talk and drink with a group of people, and it's really necessary to stay by yourself. Most of the time, I spend more time with myself. I often think that no matter what kind of decision you make, whether it's work or daily life, you have to face every big or small choice you make. So, being quiet and learning to spend time with yourself is always a lesson.

I have no way to separate it too much, because it is something bigger than myself and bigger than Liu Yifei's perception. After the performance, I will return to the state of learning. From this point of view, I think that having experienced their lives, for me, may be a subtle influence, but it is not clear where, there will certainly be some influence.

I always think that when people criticize you or praise you, you should not be frustrated, nor should you be complacent. Mindfulness is more useful than evaluation.

The greatest non-material gift that each person has is the ability to think for themselves. Everything starts with an idea, whether it's what you want to do or what you want to learn.

I think I'm okay with resilience.

If you can be very at peace with yourself, you will find a lot of inspiration in big and small ways, and there will be some space to let the light in.

I still recognize the idea of divergence and can accept having sudden changes of pace and letting go.

This is fair enough, but actors and artists are working with their hearts, and the heart cannot be adulterated. It depends on whether you have the content or not. When you have content, everything will definitely turn to the positive.

When we were young, we took a lot of blows before we dared to take a step forward, and when we were 13 or 14 years old, we were really timid. At that time you would use the known way of thinking and known knowledge to cover the unknown, and then you still think you're trying ......

I think the truth is often better than you think, and dreams are often bigger than you think, is this statement very inspirational?

I'm still ready to pull back the frequency of impatience a little bit, like a rubber band, to be calm first, before you can make a scene.

That light is always there, so you can go for the adventure, you can choose to go further or take a step back, all the initiative is on your side, all the growth and gains belong to you. We will face a series of other people's perception of you, other people's expectations of you, including their own limited standard of perfection, but what if, what I want is better?

Sometimes the words are not as powerful as they could be.

I will be hard on myself in a particularly small way, if I send a circle of friends this thing, I can not help but keep sending ...... is actually trying to restrain the comfort zone, to develop a very strange fetish of their own, right.

For example, while I experience life, while still playing with my phone, while still thinking about other things, that this experience life and did not do the same.

I hope to be a good man again as soon as possible.

In fact, there is a 'Great White' in everyone's heart, and the 'Great White' is the love in each of our hearts. Unconditional, accept yourself, is the starting point of creation.

The charm of a woman with an inner abundance emanates exponentially. In addition to being young and beautiful, with a good figure and good skin, she can have too many qualities, so why bother limiting people by gender? People must have room for growth and potential.

I will insist on what I have decided to do, and I will keep doing it once I have decided.

Yes, not only the duvet, I have a chair that I have used for 18 years and can not throw away.

Because it works really well with a smooth hand, because it must have a reason for using a smooth hand. For example, I have a bad cervical vertebrae, that chair can be just right for me to put my head on this side when dressed in costume, and very light, I will always carry it, the quality is very good.

I asked myself, "What can I bring to this story? Even though this is just an audition, I still hope I can present something unique.

You know, you create your own reality.

At that time it was just a fairy tale to me, but when I grew up as an adult, I understood the story not just superficially, but it contained a deeper level and could get some information from the story.

For Mulan, I asked myself, are you willing to open a door to the unknown? The answer was obvious, I couldn't wait, I wanted to understand her world, I didn't just want to play her, I wanted to be her.

Mulan is a very famous character, but I also want to be myself. It's about balance and choice, and being yourself is always a brave thing to do. When Mulan decided to take her father's place in the army, she didn't think she was doing a great thing, she was just following her instincts and she understood that anything was possible. It's very important for people to know what they want, to know who they are, to follow their dreams and be the best they can be, and I think that's the most important thing that young people can learn from this film.

You can let go of your hand when you want to, it's okay.

We're just talking, there's no need to act out a script. Just don't have so much drama, I think ...... right or wrong, save the drama for when it's time to use it.

Everyone's qualities are different, but they are strong, delicate and powerful.

It turns out that everyone is like water, focus on their own things, it will be very smooth.

I'm not used to saying so much, so it's better to have a dialogue through a line of different performances and expressions.

The inertia of creation cannot be there.

It is always asking the director, how do you see me, how about this one? How about that one? I never know what state I'm in, I always have to ask, and that's the state I want to avoid.

Whether it's auditioning, shooting, or thinking about myself after the shoot, I try to stay in a more objective and sober state. This way, I can still have a clean start when I commit to any next role.

Especially in this era of information explosion, everyone will receive a lot of information every day, sometimes we have forgotten to distinguish what is important, and have forgotten what we really want. So feel your place and presence more, so that you can do things more efficiently.

No, if I didn't ask myself that, I would be more tired. When I'm filming or giving an interview, it's especially obvious that if I'm not in my element or if I'm deserting, I'll notice it right away, so I'll be more tired.

I hope my ability to think will never disappear, but of course, it will never disappear. I just love this kind of myself.

I always think, "How can I be sure I'm living a full life? It's when I look back at the last year or ten years and I feel like I've lived longer than the physical concept of time, so that time becomes a gift. And how do you know it's a gift? I would say it's a gain in the weight and breadth of the soul.

Just now, the styling editor showed me a picture of me from five years ago, but I felt like it was from ten years ago or more, as if those five years had gone by ...... I don't have a like or dislike for it, it's just a feeling." Associated with her answer earlier, these five years may have been a gift of time for her.

Is this way of measuring gains and losses that you speak of external or internal?

Change is based on a person's decision, there is no good or bad change, just a shift in thinking, and I didn't want to change.

The fact of the matter is that the result would have had an expression of itself, and based on that expression, I accept whatever the result is. When you stand in front of the camera again, you will feel happy from the bottom of your heart.

I believe that a sober actor knows where his play is. He will not be overly conceited, nor will he be overly inferior, he must have his awareness in. This is a foundation.

No one can stay the same, people are changing every day, thinking is changing rapidly. If you can learn to live with yourself, change is the most valuable asset, but it is often the most difficult.

My job is to deal with emotions, and I'm quite grateful for that. Everyone expresses every moment, it's just that actors are able to do it more centrally and figuratively, which is very interesting, and my job is to get in touch with myself, with all kinds of things and emotions.

I love all parts of it, and it also makes me step outside of myself at times and allows me to complete system renewal after system renewal. I feel like the role is bigger than me. For example, now that I've been idle for a year, it's time to pick a role that I think is OK and update my ego.

When I was a child, I always heard the truth that you must have suffered to know how to grow. This statement is not wrong. But later I found that if something is a big challenge for you, if you adjust yourself to a very happy channel, and then go to it, many blind spots will be opened. A director originally said this phrase, keep it simple. My understanding of "keep it simple" is not to not think about the problem, but to focus.

It's all about having. But you can't talk to people about life when you don't know what you want to express. You can't just focus too much on the outside either. It's true that everyone is facing a big challenge this year, and everyone is going to have to get along with impermanence.

I think the question itself is very good-natured.

Am I that boring? I'm just a normal person!

I think try not to have such distracting thoughts, for each role, I will give them the same weight of respect. I have also been asked by media friends before if I want to go to the world stage. As an actor, more people will see you and more people will resonate with the character you play, which is of course a very attractive thing. You will also express the sentiment for our nation and our spirituality, both of which are extremely meaningful things.

I respect how my friends in the media see it, how people see it, and I love it very much. But when it comes to me and the outside world has always perceived (the image) is not the same? I don't think so. The word 'soft' doesn't have much to do with me, but I've never felt the need to prove myself tough either. Strength can be expressed in so many ways, it has layers. In fact, for me, it is more important to get involved in the joys and sorrows of Mulan, rather than how people view Liu Yifei.

She will also have uncertainty, doubts, these emotions from a real person. I have always said that bravery is not always brave, but when you see fear, or choose to go forward, this bravery is layered.

It's always been love wrapped around all her actions.

Not so specific, we get auditions, projects, some times quite temporary. But I have this passion, to be determined to do this thing, on the whole heart to do a good job, no other distractions. When I saw the audition notice, what I saw was just an opportunity to have fun, and at the same time, this opportunity allows you to learn a lot of things, and most importantly, whether you can get into the heart of the character without the halo.

I think the director is very intuitive when looking at the actors, especially when there is no costume help and no stimulation from rival actors, just a person reading the script in front of the camera, but in that small room we can feel all the delicate parts. The test of an actor is also quite simple, to see if he has brought the director this confidence, can not be enough to enter the role of the state. Because to play a role, you need to be in a state to express the character's emotions all the time.

I feel very honored, I think she is also the real Mulan, a female director leading a team of 800 to 900 people on the scene, she also gave us a lot of moving. And she never speaks loudly on set, I just keep saying that the power of water is gentle and powerful.

To me, as an actor, I also look like a warrior. I always want to go further and try to push my limits. I also want to live in the moment, and I want to learn more every day.

I think it's important to try not to have such distractions, and I always say that for every character, I give them the same weight of respect. I've also been asked by media friends before if I want to go on the world stage. As an actor, this way you will have more opportunities, more people will see you, more people will empathize with the character you play, and of course it is something very attractive. At the same time, you will also express for our national sentiment and our spirituality, including the state of the actor, are extremely meaningful things.

Everyone will have their own opinion about the character we love so much. She is a heroine admired by millions and has a lot of halo on her. But I want to play her, I want to see her without distance and discover her more human side. Everyone has many layers of emotions, and I want to explore her journey as a girl, becoming a female warrior.

Mulan has a lot of qualities, loyalty, courage and truthfulness are indeed very relevant. But I think it was more her inner things that contributed to the "heroic aura", and the inner things might not be so great. She will also have uncertainty, doubt, these emotions from a real person. I have always said that one's bravery is not always to go forward, but to choose to go forward when one sees fear, this kind of bravery has layers. I think Mulan's choice has always been love wrapped around all her actions, and in extreme circumstances, she used love to dissolve a lot of things.

You do how much homework you will get, this thing can not lie. Including writing a character diary, to fulfill the role of course, you have to do a lot of emotional organization. I took part in physical training, and I also did archery and spinning training, all of which are "essential skills" for playing Mulan. I also studied the character's heart, which was my own homework. I spent a long time on the set to find Mulan's happiness and sadness. In fact, when you feel that you are really this character, it is a feeling that you only know.

"When I was a kid, I might have thought that I should look at the fight scenes differently, but now I feel more and more that the fight scenes are relatively easy because I will master them by learning them. The most challenging part is to get into every aspect of the character's emotions by yourself, and to discover other subtle things about her, which are fluid and more challenging. I don't divide any drama into over-the-top and over-the-top scenes, I treat every day as the most important day. Whether it's a scene in the military or a scene at home alone, it's a completely different feeling.

I'm the kind of actor who doesn't talk too much on set, I guess. So I'm especially grateful that the people around me understand me. They are all very good. I can learn a lot from watching them work. There are many details that make me feel that the people around me are the best.

The fight training has been rehearsed before, so there shouldn't be any accidental injuries on set either. The greatest respect I have for Ms. Gong Li is that we both put our heart and soul into our roles, and we both communicate with each other about our roles. I think she is a very "giving" actress, she is also an actress I have always admired and recognized, she is really a legend.

It is not. I always get up early and go to bed early when I'm filming, but when I'm not filming I go back to my habit of sleeping late and getting up late.

I don't remember how old I was when I first saw the animated version, but I was impressed and loved it. Reflection" ...... I even sang that song at one of my auditions.

I heard it from my agent at first: "Disney is making Mulan, would you be interested in auditioning?" I heard that a lot of people were auditioning, so I asked myself: If I were to play Mulan, what could I bring to the role? I knew a lot of people wanted to play Mulan because the role was so meaningful, as a woman, as a person, as brave as she was, with love, accepting her imperfections, and trying to become what she really wanted to be.

I really asked myself a lot of questions because I knew that the audition process must be difficult and you have to keep going through all the scenarios that could be in the script. I was excited and nervous, but at the same time I wanted to bring my best, I had to calm down, do meditation and stuff, and work with this beautiful director to finish my audition.

Yeah, but I desperately tried to tell myself: I'm not jet lagged, it's okay. And then it worked!

I relaxed after I did the audition because I felt like I was doing OK, and then about two hours after the audition, Nikki said to me, "OK, now take you to a physical trainer to see how you are doing physically. I was actually relieved to get to the next step, because it meant something at least. I remember the trainer, he was very professional, he was taking notes in such a thick (about 10cm) notebook while I was doing push-ups, squats, strength training and various cardio exercises, which says something, I guess. After about 90 minutes, I couldn't even walk. That fitness test was more intense than any physical training I've actually received since then. But it was fun.

Every film is a new experience for me. I've done a lot of movies with martial arts elements, but I'm not a professional martial artist after all, so I'm glad I had plenty of time to prepare.

The training was so clear and specific that if I had to choose my own training, I probably would have chosen the same. I even learned Tai Chi Chuan and some Qigong movements. In my understanding, Mulan's "qi" is her connection to her spirit, her true self.

I am really grateful to have worked with them, they are not only perfect actors but also wonderful people. I worked with Jet Li in a movie 12 years ago ("King of Kung Fu") and he was great and taught me a lot. I didn't know how to ride a horse at that time, and he helped me a lot when we were shooting together. It was crazy enough to watch Donnie Yen on set, just watching him do all those moves. As for Gong Li, she is my favorite. Gong Li is my queen and I love her.

I think for Mulan and me ...... to ask "what do you think about this role" is easier said than done, but the hardest part for me is to find myself, how to put myself in the role, to be true to it, and not to show traces of acting. I'm really grateful to director Nikki, she's the kindest and most considerate person I've ever worked with. She gave me space, she encouraged me, she gave me unrequited love, and I'm just so grateful. Oh am I talking too much? What's your problem? Sorry I always do.

I really saw the experience as a whole, the action scenes, the fight scenes were also part of her story and reacted differently depending on the situation that she was in. So as a whole both have challenges.

First of all, it's the voice right, you'll ....... Outside of that, I certainly considered the many layers of the character, the subtext of her thinking ......

In fact, learning to speak like a man is probably the easiest thing to do on set, which is to keep the tone down and carry an "I can do it" attitude. I think some of the little details that explore Mulan's true self and feelings are more ...... her hesitations, blinks, all have to be carefully pinpointed.

Good question, I have been touched. I think acting has changed my life. I grew up wanting to be an actor, that charm, those emotions ...... I was 21 or 22 when I read a novel by a French-Chinese writer (Shan Sa) called "Go Girl". The film version of the novel failed to be made, but there was such an offer that I really wanted to get in touch with that corner, but couldn't, there was just some ...... space between us, the space I needed to feel. From then on, I became interested in Stanislavski and those professional angles, and it changed the way I thought about acting. I think our imagination has no boundaries, and the meaning of existence is to go and realize dreams. Dreams are very wonderful things ...... gosh I answered so long again, I think acting is everything for me.

Wow that's lovely!

It's a magical thing and sometimes it does feel like a new door has been opened. When you're a kid you have your own understanding of the world and as you get older you feel like you become different. Acting is also a constant learning process, you learn things that you've never experienced before, and that's one aspect of acting that gives us the gift.

That was when I was a teenager, it's not the same. But I'm a good karaoke singer, yo. I've been dying to try the Frozen 2 song lately, not sure if I can sing that high, but would love to try.

I don't remember how old I was when I first saw the animated version of Mulan, but I clearly remember it being a good movie. In fact I even recorded the theme song "Reflection" and sent it to auditions.

I did a lot of research to understand Mulan, I wanted to know what kind of stripe Mulan had, what kind of inner conflict she possessed, and where the strength she held came from. The strength of a hero sometimes comes from anger and hatred, so I worked hard to understand where Hua Mulan's strength comes from. The beauty of Hua Mulan is her ability to see through herself, to work hard to find her "true" self, and to make important decisions on her own initiative.

When I heard about the casting of Hua Mulan, my first thought was whether I would be able to take on this role that so many actors and actress volunteers wanted. Mulan is not just a role, it is a role that any actor would like to play with great meaning. "As a human being, can I be as brave as Fa Mulan? "Can I accept my incompleteness in order to find my true self?" I thought about these questions many times in my mind. So I started to write a diary in order to take the initiative to become Mulan. It was an assignment I did on my own initiative when I was auditioning, but I didn't have much time to write in the plane. The audition included a physical audition, which was as difficult as expected. As soon as I arrived in LA, I immediately read the script and had no time to rest. I met director Nikki Caro for the first time at the audition, and I loved her Northern Storm, because of Northern Storm I knew she was a director I could trust to show the actress in her unique light.

Yes, so I defended myself by saying there was no jet lag, which helped a bit.

After the audition with the director, I started the physical audition 2 hours later. I was more relieved than tired because I thought, "So I did well in the director's audition," and was relieved. If I hadn't performed well in the director's audition, I wouldn't have had a chance to show up next, and I might have had to go back to China. The trainer I met at the physical audition was very professional and I will never forget it. After each phase of my heart strengthening exercise, he took out a thick notebook and wrote down certain things in detail. After the 90-minute physical audition with him, I actually got to the point where I couldn't walk, which is funny to look back on now.

I went to the airport immediately after the physical audition, too tired to walk or have time to eat, because I had a trip to China. I thought it would take a long time before the studio made a decision, but I was contacted two days after returning to China. It was faster than the usual casting process, which is not easy to believe.

I have a penchant for collecting pictures of the film making process, as Nikki did on opening day when she showed location photos and took me to the rooms where they were posted one by one for me. I looked at the photos of Mulan's house, the training ground, and the battlefield, imagined the scene, and fell into the role and story more quickly.

In previous films, there were situations where I had to play martial arts scenes, so I learned the necessary moves every time. But this film took three and a half years of long preparation, and I learned all the techniques needed to shoot action scenes in a very specific way.

Yes, no matter which scene I think of, I can say what kind of training I did for that scene. I also studied Tai Chi Chuan for the film, in order to understand the "Qi" of Hua Mulan. Because I knew that Hua Mulan's qi is a medium to connect with her divine presence, I agreed to this training in order to understand the character through taijiquan.

What an opportunity to be in a film with them. They are not only great actors, but also great people. 12 years ago, I did a movie with Jet Li, and he gave me unreserved instructions on how to ride a horse, since I didn't know martial arts. We also sang together and taught me a lot of methods when singing. It was amazing to watch his every move when I was shooting with Donnie Yen. Gong Li is my favorite actress, no, my queen.

It's easy to answer if you separate the character from me, but it's hard to answer if you mix Mulan with me, because there is a certain moment that is above the acting. Looking back I seem to have a lot more gratitude for Nikki, I don't think I've ever met anyone so kind, and the movie set that Nikki directed was a place full of cheer and love. Ah ...... By the way, what is the question? That's how I am, I always talk long and then go to another topic. "Both physical and emotional" is how I have to answer to get it right, because it's all about Mulan's journey and it's hard to treat them separately.

First the voice has to change that way. But in the end, this is a man played by Mulan, and she still has a woman inside her, so she is trying to show multiple faces.

It is important to use your original voice to lower the pitch, if you feel that it is like someone else's voice, then others will also feel unnatural when they hear it, and it is important to believe in this point of your original voice.

I had three months of training, with daily physical fitness, riding, and basic skills training. There was also army training, practicing formations. This was fun because I was playing with everyone. There was also line training. I also trained in scuba diving, but I didn't end up using it, but I did learn some hard skills on my body.

I don't actually know martial arts, it's just that every time I get into a role, I feel very powerful. I think these skills are not difficult, as long as you work hard is possible to complete. The hard part is the script and my own preparation, which is relatively more challenging for me.

We all love Mulan, which is the inspiration for the animation. And then the animation brought our oriental culture to the wide world stage and was liked by everyone. Then this time, I think I have to let go of a lot of expectations, baggage, to free myself. Because Mulan from the heart, I think she has been telling herself to try to liberate themselves, and finally have the courage to face their true identity, and thus gain more. I think this is an inspiration for me to develop some of my creative potential with love and respect, and to give the story some new content and perspectives.

I find that people like some of the more interesting words, but my answers are sometimes rather boring. It's not like writing a novel, it's a very long process. I think I am not a particularly qualitative person, I also have a lot of possibilities, I also have a lot of potential, so I think Mulan is just a face of mine.

I will especially want to play to the extreme, of course, every role I will want to play to the extreme, but this role is very rare and very lucky. And it's not just me, I think all of our creators, including costumes, props, art, they are from different countries, but they all love the story of Mulan very much. I think to make movies and art, you have to have love for them before you can start to think about how to devote yourself to them. Love is the first step. At the same time, this work gives us something to look forward to, and hopefully a lot of people will see it.

I've never really felt that I'm a household name, there are too many famous actors and stars, and I've always felt that I love being an actor, probably more than being a star. I've always said to the media, what we said in school, try to love the art in your heart, not the art in yourself. I think this statement is now more and more true, I think Yuzhin is also like this, he is quite grounded, also very hard work, very simple.

What he says most in private is "Yoson, how to act later", I also improvise, how to act anyway, how you take. He is also sometimes half-joking about this, to tease him.

It is indeed a very honored opportunity, but in fact, the implementation of the actual process is the same. I must say, it is pressure, too much pressure is sometimes a good thing, but sometimes it will prevent you from expressing your emotions. So I think it's important to understand yourself and not let yourself have so many distractions.

I don't really speak English that well, but I think if you ask me to play a French or other language, if I really like the role, I think I will definitely ask for more time to train, can I try it out? I think an actor standing in front of the camera, even if you speak in your native language, it's not the same, it's a scene in it, so if the scene is right, the other language and so on will be right.

So what did you learn? I think what we learned is that we can forget to perform subconsciously without thinking about pronunciation. And then our English in the film is not a regional English, is the kind of standard, a little Chinese accent, or a little they feel more in line with the feeling of the character, then I just listened and then to learn to imitate.

In fact, I think it's important to give a global audience the opportunity to learn about this legendary story that originated in China. And we have dubbed versions in many countries, and I also dubbed the Chinese version, which was very interesting to re-enact.

I don't really think about what other people think, I only think about what I think. Only when you think about it in a specific way, and you feel that you can do it in every state, will others think you can do it. But you can't keep asking people, "What do you think of me? This is a sign of lack of confidence.

I think she is a character full of aura, but there are many ways to express it. In Mulan's Speech, there is everyone's knowledge and imagination of Mulan's character, but in the movie, for me, it is more important to understand her more real side, her confusion and what her emotions are. Because we have been seeing her battle achievements, but I am more interested in the process of her growing from a young girl to a woman, and growing into a warrior. What is her spirit? I think it's bravery, she knows her challenges and difficulties, but still chooses to take this step, but I think no one is born brave. This is a lesson for now, I think, no matter what age or gender you are.

The agent called to talk to me. I arrived in Los Angeles three days later and auditioned for a few scenes in front of director Niki. Everyone was very enthusiastic and I even tried to lift weights. The whole process was quite tiring, and I basically couldn't walk normally when I returned home. Later, when I decided to play this role, I was really happy and felt honored.

From the original few lines of Mulan's speech, all the important elements of the famous Mulan story were extracted, and I think this is a very good script.

I think "qi" is very meaningful. "Qi is not something that can't be felt, it's similar to things like "faith" and "love".

Director Niki is a director who puts herself in the shoes of the performers. She takes care of us, cares about our emotions, and avoids exaggerated productions. In a movie, even very small details can make a big impact on the big screen, so it's important to have that kind of awareness in a movie. Of course, the director of photography is also great. It was a great experience to see nature with our own eyes on location, such as in New Zealand, and to feel firsthand that we are one with nature. The film will also present these natural flavors.

I feel honored that they are all relatively famous actors and I have seen their work in the cinema. Donnie Yen did a great job playing Tai Chi. Gong Li takes filming really seriously and is always very focused on the set. I'm a bit more quiet on set, but it's fun to play with Gong Li once in a while.

For me, training physical fitness is not so much about keeping fit, but rather a consciousness that I am doing. For actors, it's about having that awareness and making some effort to portray the character. There is also the sense of accomplishment in order to make yourself feel that this goal has been accomplished. I think I can do that. Without enough training in this movie, you can't do what you want on set. I learned the basic movements necessary for stunts and martial arts scenes, which had the advantage that I was able to use them comfortably on set, and I enjoyed shooting the scenes all over again.

It took three months for language instruction, horsemanship, and intensive athletic ability training.

I think everyone has their own unique understanding of Mulan. For me, she symbolizes the Chinese temperament, the brave, independent femininity. I think at the heart of her is the idea of being a woman and cherishing your true heart and beliefs.

You can decide for yourself the path you want to take, but you have to be responsible for yourself. Determine what you want to do and then achieve that goal, and I'm happy enough to be able to do that.

It seems like every year is like a decade.

Always wanting to know how much I can surprise myself is what pushes me forward.

It's not as exaggerated as they say, it doesn't hurt to the point of tears.

It's all in the form of the actor doing the expression.

Sometimes the most challenging thing is that you have to forget so that you can have those reactions and explosive power.

I don't know if everyone is like this, when happy or excited, the body is like an engine, with a lot of power and energy. If there is no support in your heart, you may even feel tired sitting there doing nothing.

Maybe it's really being scared to cry, because it's really nervous.

When I was in school, everyone would say you must be careful not to get hollowed out.

There are very few lines, but there is a lot of hidden psychological activity.

The story of the character starts before the script begins. It looks like two simple strokes, but when you bring in all the information, it's actually quite rich.

You step into the role and realize that it is the role that is giving to you. Acting is a giving, and it's never a profession that empties you out.

I think those are their labels, I've always been pretty free myself. If audiences had seen my recent films, I'm sure they would understand.

Every time I hear people say that I'm breaking through, but in fact I'm committed to each role and don't think too much about breaking through or not.

It's new to me, not dj vu.

I think we can call it that consciously for now.

But life is like that, it is impossible to have no emotional ups and downs.

Although timid, inexperienced, and green in every way, but because I feel like it, I have to continue to work hard, want to see where the direction of the dream is, and have a kind of spirit of not giving up.

I flew to LA and was taken to the audition venue immediately, where I performed four scenes and did my best to concentrate. I was in a small room and had a lot of fun acting in the scene where I was riding a horse, the scene where I appeared with the witch, and the scene where the casting agent made my face look messy with eye shadow when I needed to look messy to play Mulan.

It was really exciting, and the excitement lasted for a few weeks.

This should be because it is a very universal story, right? Human emotion is a universal language, and Hua Mulan is a symbol of honor and courage, and the look of going to discover your true self and going forward should resonate a lot with people. Hua Mulan will follow its instincts even if it is not clear what awaits in front of it.

I feel honored that it is like it doesn't care about the region of birth and gives all actors in the world the opportunity to perform in front of more fans. Mulan was a precious opportunity for me to work with the strongest team that had reached the pinnacle of their field. It was a set where there was absolutely no need to shout or be anxious, and everyone worked with grace. There was a lot to do, but it was all done with character and beauty, and the energy on set stimulated the creativity of everyone.

It was possible to see a little more of the diverse face of Mulan in this film. In addition to being a simple warrior and hero, you can see the face of growing up as a young woman, the face of going forward even though she is hesitant or afraid.

I hope that I can trust my own instincts instead of following orders in a determined situation. The only person who can surprise me is myself.

Concentration is the most important thing, and I try to forget myself when I'm shooting. Forgetting myself, I tried to keep myself from thinking about how brave Fa Mulan was. Of course this is playing a heroic role and needs to show the face of valor, but everyone is a complex being and the complexity of that is beautiful. The energy of the character comes from there, not a clear distinction between weakness and strength, but a mixture of feelings, and I approached the character by combining those two looks when I was shooting.

I sometimes forgot to change my voice, and the director told me that I had to lower my voice to do it.

I felt like I was really a man because I blended in well with the team. One time an actor tapped me on the shoulder and asked a question. When I turned around, the actor realized that he had mistaken me for another actor and apologized immediately after being shocked.

I respect not only Donnie Yen's kung fu prowess, but also his acting skills. He is a very good actor and has a very warm heart. Gong Li is the queen of cinema and I am lucky to be able to work with her. She has always shown great acting skills and is actually a very good person. I talked to her directly and found that she is not a big star at all, she is very sincere.

Jet Li laughed out loud the day we shot the scene of Mulan saving the emperor, because the situation was the opposite of "King of Kung Fu", when he and Jackie Chan saved me together.

The moment when Hua Mulan's inner side achieved awakening was very impressive, that is to say the moment when Hua Mulan was determined to never want to hide her true face again. The moment of breaking the inner boundary, we are able to get the real freedom.

Although everyone's thoughts are different, I respect all fans' opinions no matter how they feel about the movie. But if the fans feel moved by a certain scene without realizing it, I might think we did a pretty good job with this movie. I hope that people will open their hearts and dream real dreams, which is also the theme of the movie.

Especially the stories of those white angels who showed a strong fight to overcome the epidemic moved me and inspired us to do our job.

The only way to do that is to forget about me. I am not a person who wants to think so much. For the cause I love, the only and greatest respect is to make it pure.

When acting, I will only feel comfortable, smooth or not, if smooth, you will feel very comfortable and very relaxed feeling. This is how I felt at the time, a more positive energy.

One thing I'm still very confident about is that no matter if it's a big production or a small budget, no matter if it's a commercial film or a literary film, as long as I take the role, as long as I walk into the dressing room and the set, I'm 100% committed and will give her my respect as an actor.

No matter how big or small the role is, there is no lazy way to enter her, not that I think the role is particularly important, so I prepare more, think the role is not important, so I prepare less. I have to adjust myself to a state of balance, a state of zero.

Presenting the real side of a person is the most attractive to me, not one-sided to say that she is a hero, she is very brave, is very filial. Human nature is rich and layered, and sometimes one of her decisions comes from a mix of emotions, not just what literally comes out.

I think she is a person who lives in the moment and is very direct, she doesn't think ahead and make her own decisions. She didn't feel like she was doing a big thing. She just did what she wanted to do at that moment in a very real way. This sense of authenticity is part of the most precious quality in each of us.

You get a sense of Mulan's growth, how she discovered her inner self and became herself. When we were kids or just starting out, we always felt that there was a seemingly clear 'look' to growing up, believing that we would one day be powerful or radiant, but in fact that kind of self has always been there. To grow is to become yourself, and it will truly surprise you, not what you should become. The pursuit of an illusory self is such a goal that you mistakenly think it is important, but it is actually powerless.

Had a bit of a fever last night.

That's okay.

Improvising? What's the music like?

I'm grateful for the profession of acting, it means so much to me, far more than just flowers and applause. All of my life issues, changes in the way I see people, the world, and myself, have come from my profession. Because the profession of actor requires me to see myself, otherwise there is no way to release myself and adjust myself.

I have always believed that I can use creation to create possibilities and sparkle for my characters, and I am happy with this process because I am abundant inside. So, I am happy that I experienced every role in those previous ten years, and they are the ones that brought me a condensed life experience. Sometimes when you go back to your life after a play and look at some of the problems you faced before, you find that they have become smaller or have a newer perspective to create the moment you want.

The way is external, the key is what kind of mood and awareness you want to do something with, and that's what determines what you're really doing. For example, if a friend recommends a book to you and says it's particularly good, you read it, but your mind isn't even on the book when you read it, you won't actually get anything out of it.

Is East East so famous?

Every time I come home, it does not come close to me first, some cats will see you and jump on you, but it does not, it just wanders around not far from where you can see, meaning pay attention, I am here.

We generally do our own work, but sometimes I am in the study reading or writing something, they like to come over, a pile of black, a pile of white lying next to the guard, maybe they also like that quiet energy it.

The essence of life is the same, isn't it?

Doing my best.

I can't remember exactly when, but definitely since I was a kid. Making this film also gave me the opportunity to really get to know her.

First of all, it was a very dramatic and epic story - a girl disguised as a male soldier. I was really curious about her legend and the story beyond that, and what kind of person she really was.

I got to Los Angeles and they took me straight to the audition. I remember how I went about getting ready. I drank a lot of coffee and tried meditation to get over jet lag. We had to audition for four scenes, and I tried to focus. It was in a very small room, and I needed to pretend I had just finished riding a horse. There was also a scene with a witch. I also remember one scene where Mulan's appearance needed to look dirty, so the casting director put my eye shadow on my face. All of that was fun!

I think there were differences in shooting styles and locations, but at the core, I didn't feel there was much difference. Whether you're Eastern or Western, when making a film, your personal experience is your camera language. It's like your attitude and thoughts, whether expressed in Mandarin or English, what matters is how you think and how you express it.

For every Chinese person, this is a well-known legendary story, but I think it's also popular in America. Because the story is universal, we are all human beings and emotions are a common language. Hua Mulan symbolizes honor and courage, but for me she also means a willingness to explore oneself and keep moving forward. All of this is important to the audience, and not many people are willing to do what she did in the first place. Fa Mulan doesn't really know what she's up against, but she still believes in her instincts.

I'm honored! I also think that no matter where you come from, actors need the best opportunity to showcase and let more people see themselves. So this opportunity is very valuable to me. We do have the best team, a very professional staff. I absorb a lot from everyone every day. We all work with grace, without shouting or rushing to catch up. No matter what production department you work in, this atmosphere is great for creative stimulation. We all need trust and love. I think that's what Disney has given me. Their trust and love eased my stress and gave me ample room to perform.

Mulan never thought about these experiences thereafter until she made the decision. But when she was in that situation, I admired how she knew how to handle it all, how to put great love first, and how she learned even from hate and war that all she could feel and all that pushed her forward was love.

From my perspective, I would say that as an actress, I'm also a fighter. I always want to move forward, I want to push my limits, live in the moment, and every day I want to learn more.

In addition to the familiar story of Mulan, we will see many sides of her. We will see her as a real person, what she would have been like when she was a girl and young. Everyone loves her as a warrior, but does she have a vulnerable side? Will she sometimes hesitate, be afraid and still choose to continue? Yes, we'll see it all this time.

I hope they don't have to just see what they can get in the moment, but trust their instincts. Be sure to be honest with yourself, because they are the only ones who can bring surprises into their lives.

I feel like a man because I'm physically fit. One day we were working, both in costume, and an actor tapped me on the shoulder and when I turned around, he reacted that the person turned out to be me and not the person he was supposed to be looking for. He was both surprised and apologetic. So, when surrounded by guys, it feels like they are all "buddies". They didn't treat me like a girl, I was just one of them.

I admire Donnie Yen's work, not only because he is a kung fu star, but he is also a very good actor and a very warm person. And Gong Li is the queen of my movies. Everyone thinks I'm lucky to have the opportunity to work with her. She's as good in person as she is in her on-screen roles. But when you talk to her, you don't feel like she's a superstar, but a very real person.

Haha, speaking of which, he laughed when I needed to "rescue" him. Because in the previous movie "King of Kung Fu", he and Jackie Chan "rescued" me together.

This time we needed to train for a different project. In other movie projects, you usually only need to train in sword fighting and martial arts. But this time, they really wanted to build a comprehensive foundation for my physical fitness, so I did a lot of basic physical exercises. These were all really helpful and hard. Every morning, the first thing I have to do is work out for two hours, then switch to an hour of horseback riding, and then maybe two hours of martial arts practice. So in order to prepare for the role you need to do 5-6 hours of physical training every day.

Our goal is to present real battles, nothing fancy. Because this is the real war, Hua Mulan is a soldier on the battlefield.

I would never dare to say I could ride a horse, because I think a horse has a will of its own! You can't really control it, but you can practice. I have practiced before for other films. This time, I also trained for three months for Mulan.

In every culture, respect for family is important. We need to be grateful and to show love. If you ask me what the meaning of family is, I would answer "unconditional love. So in the present, I think that's still universal.

She's perfect, she's very charismatic. I can realize how much work she has to do as a director. I can also imagine that she gets tired and stressed at times, but when she shows up, it's all very cheerful and happy and makes everyone around her feel comfortable and confident. I was a fan of hers when I was a kid when I watched her direct Northern Storm (aka Never Give In), but I was still impressed by the cast and what they were trying to achieve.

We didn't talk much about it, but sometimes I would ask the director if I could freestyle and she would really support me that way. I can do more lines to get the effect I want, or I can spend more time practicing my lines, or even play something that's not in the script, and she's okay with that. I felt very grateful for that.

I'm the kind of actor who doesn't say a lot on stage, but I really appreciate how understanding everyone is and how great each of them are. I saw and learned from all of them, and it's the little details that make me feel like I'm really at my best.

I will respect any opinion they give, because everyone feels differently. But if there's a moment in the movie that touches them, even if they don't know why, I'll think we did it. I want everyone to spread their wings and be brave enough to dream, and that's the theme of this movie.

I don't remember exactly when it was, but I do remember that it was when I was a kid. It's an epic, dramatic saga about a girl who dresses up as a man in the army to save her father. It has always been outstanding for me because it really piqued my curiosity to understand all that was going on, not just limited to its legendary description of the story, but I also wanted to understand her class in human society.

I had just arrived in Los Angeles and they brought me to the production company to audition. I still remember how I prepared. I drank a lot of coffee because of jet lag, and I meditated for a while to focus my mind on the drama. It was in a small room and I needed to pretend I had just finished riding a horse. There was also a scene with a witch (I think the villainess is meant here) and another scene where Mulan needed to look dirty, so the director put a lot of dirt on my face - and my eye shadow. It was fun.

No, I was also in a movie before, The Forbidden Kingdom.

It's a historical story that's well known in China, but I think it would be just as applicable to the rest of the world because it's universal, and we're all human and our emotions are a universal language. Mulan represents glory and courage, but for me, she is also ready to discover her true self and keep moving forward. So I believe that this film is important to any audience.

I feel honored and equally feel that the actors, no matter what their nationality, deserve a chance to show their work and to be seen by more people. We have the best team and I learn a lot from everyone every day. We don't need to be loud and shouting or anxious and worried. We work in a sophisticated way. We can do what we need to do, but at the same time we stay grateful. That energy plays a big role in creativity, no matter what department you're in. We all need love and confidence, and that's what Disney has given me; it lets me release my own pressure and gives me the space to interpret.

She never thinks about everything that happens when she makes a decision, but when she puts herself in those situations, I admire the approach she uses and the love she has for everything. She is always learning, even in the midst of hate and conflict, because what moves her and inspires her is love.

In my opinion, as an actor, I am also a fighter. I always want to move forward, to break my boundaries and to live in the moment. I want to learn more every day.

We can see so many aspects of her that go beyond Mulan's words. We see her as a person, a young woman. The world sees her as a warrior and admires her. But did she also have a vulnerable side as well? Does she sometimes feel fear and hesitation? But she still marches on. Yes, and that's what we'll see. I wish women and girls could focus not on what they can't get in life, but on learning to trust their instincts and be honest with themselves.

I admire Mr. Donnie Yen's work, not only because he is a kung fu superstar, but also because of his theatrical talent and his graciousness and humility. Ms. Gong Li is like a queen of cinema, and like her on-screen persona, she is also a wonderful person in life. As for Mr. Jet Li - well, we laughed for a long time the day we shot the rescue scene. Because the last time we worked together we shot a scene that was the opposite of this one, where his character and Mr. Jackie Chan's character rescued me in The Forbidden Kingdom.

This time we needed to train in a different way. In other productions you only need to train in martial arts and swordplay. But this time we wanted to get my body fully prepared, so we did a lot of basic training. It worked a lot, but it was very tiring. The first thing I do every morning is train for two hours and then have an hour of horseback riding lessons. Sometimes after that, I have two hours of martial arts practice, so I would need to do five or six hours of physical training a day to prepare for the role.

I think it's important to treat family respectfully, regardless of culture, so that we are all grateful and show our love. If you asked me what family means to me, I would say unconditional love. In this day and age, I would say it's another language that is shared around the world.

Niki is perfect. Her personality is always shining through. It's incredible to see a director with such a high level of quality work, and I'm pretty sure she's tired a lot of the time, but she comes across as always happy and calm, which makes the world feel confident. I'm a fan girl of hers. I was a teenager when I saw North Country, but even then I was still impressed by the performances and the ultimate goal they achieved.

I'm the kind of actor who doesn't talk much when I'm on a recording set. I'm grateful that they understand this. I'm learning as I watch. It's the little things that make me feel like I've made the best choice.

I respect any kind of idea because every individual has the right to have a different idea. But if there's a moment in the movie that touches them, even for some unknown reason, I'll feel like we did a great thing.

Acting is a job that helps me not only to find myself, but also to discover my own possibilities and to be open to many things, a mindset that helps me interpret my roles.

I can express myself with determination, especially in my work. So sometimes I think the profession of acting requires more communication skills, but I think sometimes you get so far around that you forget what you're trying to say. It should be the first time you want to express what you want to express directly.

It's very soft and very inclusive, yet at the same time the most impactful. I especially like the theme of "Mulan". Everyone has their own power, but are you willing to discover its existence? At first you may feel that it is something external that you have to fight against, but later you will know that the real hurdle to step over is yourself.

When the mental state is particularly strong, the body is not tired, and I am not sleepy once I act. Don't judge by appearance or inherent image. No one will maintain a state at all times, and to be more 'metaphysical', the me you see is the me you imagine in your heart. The role is a creative process, depending on whether you are malleable and can add new inspirations.

Acting is an internal feeling, I don't have the ability to look at this outside of the box. You have to forget something, and then forget everything, only the clear role and the environment, yourself over the addiction, others can be infected.

I don't want to show something that is black or white, the emotions that are interspersed are what I want to explore, that is, something with a little bit of layering.

The rationality of reading and understanding material can never replace the sensibility of the actor. Rational, logical things need to be digested and may find an answer on their own.

When you get into the role, you find another force holding you up, and it's more intuitive. In that moment, Mulan didn't feel in the least bit that her decision was great, there was no ego to move her, and that was critical.

Sometimes you find that people are changed by the decisions you make in the moment, not by how others see you or treat you. This consciousness, whether at the time or put into modern times, carries the color of timelessness, self-growth and bravery, and the power that ensues, and the deeper greatness, love, etc., that transcends the boundaries of time.

It is as if we can watch some movies in other languages and feel the resonance even without reading the subtitles. In my own case, I'm not willing to look at things subjectively with a compartmentalized or preconceived notion, I'm still willing to listen to how my heart feels and be able to make sure your heart is there and everything doesn't go off the rails.

You want to make sure that all the amount of information is what you want, and to separate entertainment from your own work.

I think the cornerstone of being responsible for your work is to put your passion, your imagination, your creativity into a brand new version of your work. All film and television works are transformed from text into a three-dimensional world. When animation is presented by hand, computer and voiceover, the images have more of the visual expression and emotion of a real person, and I have great respect for the creation process of the previous animated version, as well as our creative process.

I have to take three showers a day, always take a big bag of clothes with me when I go out, and am forever struggling with a shortage of socks because it's too late to wash and dry them.

But on the other hand, this kind of training made me further physically and mentally strong, and it was also a fun thing to do.

I really didn't feel tired at that time. A highly focused mind will help your muscles increase in strength and your body will respond to the signals from your head. But you don't get tired when you're in a state of exploration all the time before playing a role, looking for something new every day.

Not entirely by their own strength, they have to tie a leather band to me I then pull upward, so that can lose some of the weight.

Seeing the fabric slowly turn into clothes on the human form, and seeing the costumer use a variety of colors to match every day, you will feel the same process as the actor creating the role, both are created from scratch. If you experience their inspiration by heart, it can also add a lot of sparkle to your understanding of the script. At some indefinable moment, the thing comes to life, and it gives you a real sense that at some point in the past, those people had stitched such patterns one by one, and they had lived like this.

It's important that you look up the ancient sources with the kind of questions you have, and not to measure the sense of distance from the ancient times from a modern perspective and then ask yourself why it's different. You should really ask, what could I do if it were me who encountered such an environment?

I would want to see specific elements, for example, if I had played a fox, I would have looked up a lot of information about foxes and studied their habits, movements, etc. I would imagine the characters in their normal lives in their real state, rather than immediately digging through famous books and ancient texts to find information. You have to pick out the useful information.

I rarely talk on set, but I really want to talk.

On the set you have to blend in with the character and not have distractions. Every actor has the right to release his or her energy, and on the path of creativity, everyone should be comrades and friends.

They are very capable of 'giving', standing there and just being all over the scene.

What surprised me most about her personally was her energy: her power is not strong, but a cohesive force. She also has an Oriental-like Zen feeling about her, and she especially knows how to take 'give and take'. You tend to think, I did this I want this, but in fact step back and you will see a different perspective.

But after a longer contact, I realized that she is really a very gentle woman, and I learned a lot from her.

She loves everyone.' Love' unleashes a wonderful aura. She would encourage every actor and let every crew member express themselves easily and happily and feel the power of trust. I was very touched by her respect and love for every culture. No matter where we come from, there is diversity in all of us, so the film is more diverse.

Everyone on set was either in costume or sportswear or down jackets. Suddenly they were all wearing cocktail dresses and suits that day, and they all became shiny.

Every performance is like starting from scratch, and I never want to go into a new role with the experience of my previous roles. Each new attempt at the process is more or less new, and that's the part I cherish the most; comparisons to the past are inappropriate and unnecessary. No matter how circumstantial the process is, it does not bring me a feeling of uncertainty; the love of the profession in your heart will lead you in the right direction. When facing the unknown, people will more or less feel lonely, but only when you step out of the safe zone, you will know that the world is so big and there are so many possibilities. Every experience I have had walking into a character has taught me how to look at life, and this is the most precious gift that the profession of acting has given me.

Maybe nothing can really be said to be 'in the dark', you know, you will create your own reality.

I'm a particularly free growing actor.

I'm 30 years old and still a teenager ...... Thank you, add a candy to eat.

This can be said out to be scolded, can not say so. You see where I have the feeling of a teenager?

I think I'm pretty dumb sometimes. I think I'm pretty dumb sometimes, but it doesn't matter. It's not important. I'm just a nerd, right?

My ambition is to dare to be my true self.

Let me play with myself, okay?

My previous shoots were all static and solid, with the photographer asking me to pose, but I like diversity and emotion, and I want to express something dynamic.

In fact, I like something powerful.

I'm afraid I won't be able to break away from the role I ended up playing and reach the ultimate.

It's easy for actors to lose confidence, you need a strong psyche to perform and experience in front of everyone, in fact everyone is insecure sometimes, I turned out to be a girl who must disguise herself, disguise as a very strong girl.

He is a very liberated person, can you imagine? Such a superstar in the scene themselves to carry a bag, only with an assistant. After arriving at the scene, there is only the role in his heart, he speaks to whoever is in that state, as he pleases, without any rules and regulations, very good to everyone.

The state of my day, I feel like sharing, so I can say it completely honestly.

I forced myself not to bring any cosmetics on the scene, not to bring a mirror, the makeup artist love to make up, not to make up, I will not say make up.

I do not consider positioning and how to break through this positioning as my goal, the trajectory of growth should always be new and unknown, and then give yourself a very strong energy release to act. Where do you get so much positioning? What sexy, idol, I think these statements are particularly false, a really good actor, is to be real.

The side of me that scares you to death. If I'm funny, there's nothing to do with Chao.

Professional collapse, take pride in chatting the sky to death ......

You see the collapse of it.

It is in the crew to change the makeup, not enough water.

The skin itself will absorb the ah, why do you have to rub so long?

Watch and eat well.

Selling not many, old grandfather with a wooden box, there is a steamer.

Not grounded is just your illusion.

Recognition or disapproval, it has little effect on me.

Huh? I'm not over it?

There is a vague and indefinable power. What is the power? Later it became more and more tangible, and now it is still needed. It is when you can really stop, when it is easier to let go of many obsessions, the concept of limitations.

That's a lesson, can you not pursue results, because people want flowers and applause. Something is there that is there, which is indelible. It may be your own spirit or a kind of persistence. What you insist on must not be the result, for example, not that this film I must want a billion, next time this film I want to win an award. If you just think about the result, then where is the process? The process is gone.

I think the state of women now is particularly good. I will express myself firmly, especially in the work. So sometimes I think the profession of actor needs more communication skills, but I think sometimes you go too far and you forget what you want to express. It should be the first time you express what you want to express directly.

Age is right? Meryl Streep is quite good ah, or depends on the state.

Strong pushback, so people will really throw up.

The first dive to see a large sea turtle ha, particularly large sea turtles, not so many opportunities to see the first look down, feel quite amazing. In fact, just diving down that moment is quite apprehensive, because the body weight will make people have a moment to sink the bottom of the feeling.

Because I especially miss the crummy pixel time, hazy let people feel the breath of life, and that time everything is very slow well.

Hello friends of Netflix, I am Yifei.

In fact, not so much, we do not always put this ...... take everyone to know a certain aspect of the concept. In fact, I believe intuitive, because every time, including many movies before, many people will also have this inherent impression, probably because we are also very busy, usually also to work, school, work, may not have so much time to see or to understand.

But I believe, because there are some reviews, every time a movie comes out, I think the audience can feel it. So I myself, each time is a new journey of learning, there is no comparison. Each time is as new as the first time you see it. I cherish such a fate with the role.

This script was initially handed to me by Shao Feng, and I am very grateful to him for thinking of his old partner and giving me such a good opportunity to work together. We are all very professional and very innovative. During the shooting process, it was even more fun. Because it is also a comedy, we are particularly free on the scene, especially no baggage.

We all trust each other. When we were shooting "Hongmen Banquet", I really felt that he surprised me at that time. It feels like he is usually still very quiet and elegant. But when you act, you feel like a completely different person. So at that time, I thought he was a very good actor. It would be an honor to work together again.

I was also quite surprised because it had been so many years since I had the opportunity to work together, and it was such a subject matter, so I was looking forward to it. I also feel that Yuan Shuai, seeing his many complex feelings and emotions, I think the performance is very good.

I can't score, because I didn't overplay myself. Shaofeng words, I really think he ...... I think the most responsible for comedy is not to think to be funny, we each seem to be quite tacit understanding, there is no distractions in the scene, is seriously to play. It is possible that this will come out better.

Do not have too much burden, each character has a world that belongs to him. Just as we usually laugh at those unexpected places, may not be a particularly reasonable, or a literally very funny, more is the state and a match, is the language. So it's this kind of organism that is in the scene we are quietly looking for something.

For example, the scene of playing Guo Jingfei, the earring knocked off, these are all accidents. But you just suddenly look at him, you were flying out, you feel really bad.

I think he is really an actor who is not afraid to suffer, and I'm sorry to him here, because it's a real fight. He was afraid that I would be embarrassed at first and came over to unload my psychological baggage, I wanted to tell him not to have baggage, I also wanted to fight for real. Because the slap is not a single hit, hit a lot of times. In this scene inside the constantly beating him. The side also have to watch, can not hold back, really feel very funny.

There is also Li Guangjie, I think it is also. It is very lucky that we are all pursuing the play, great actors. There is also a scene of two or three pages of lines, playing two people, he is really in the usual to observe Shaofeng, he wants to play Shaofeng well. He has been observing him. You will really find that all his feelings and attitude really like Feng Shaofeng.

Not like Feng Shaofeng, or like Feng Shaofeng as Yuan Shuai. It is to learn from him that kind of fear and that kind of bravery, and that kind of heart without bottom, because he is in a world of monsters.

Never been so crazy. But I think everyone is an organism, you can hardly guess what state they will be in the next second, and will not be too much to summarize themselves. That is an existence with various possibilities.

Drinking water, in fact, she was very thirsty, and then she did not know how to use the cup, cutlery should be how to use, it is more primitive, animal type. So it was straightforward (drank). She felt that the fish is nothing, there is a fish, there is a fish, is such a feeling, silly. Of course did not really drink that, drink fish that is a sugar. But when shooting drinking water, that is the real fish. The leg stirring that is really more funny, more formalized. You stir up, you may feel how so ah. Just that feeling.

There is. Including when she was fighting, is more close to the power of things. In her speech, I think it is also more powerful, more energy feeling. Then suddenly, she a lot of this sudden situation, unexpected this rhythm.

Because we are now the setting is to visit, I can not too loud. Too loud, scared you how to do. When the play, it is indeed in accordance with the emotions of the time, that is, what kind of emotions at the time, and finally to release.

I have not thought about this problem.

I have envisioned it myself, because I looked up various information online. I didn't expect it to be so big, it was really too big. But there is a figurative imagination of their own.

I think it's pretty cute. It has a shot, because the fox canine well, see sometimes it has been wagging its tail, I think the idea is quite cute.

They are very happy, they said they think it's funny. It's good that they are happy.

I think no matter what kind of comments, every play is worth it. Because they are all experiences that I am particularly grateful for. I think it's a fun thing to make so many people happy this time.

I feel that I can accept any kind of evaluation.

Basically, there is no (the same), unless it is the same script. The same script, it is impossible to shoot twice, except for the remake. Even if it's a remake, it's all different. So in my concept, it's like seeing for the first time, there are not so many comparisons and preconceived notions, it's a new experience.

Many people have asked me before "what kind of role do you want to challenge the most", I think all new roles, as long as I decide to shoot, I will go for the challenge.

There are challenges, I think as long as the moment you appear in the camera, only you know whether you are into the scene or not, so this is the challenge. A widow is a woman you don't have a lot of opportunity to release, because she is all a very repressed state. This kind of drama is also very enjoyable to play. But Bai Fianchu is one that you can have a lot of fun after acting, you can release a lot of emotions, and then you can also experience a lot of interesting and funny things.

In fact, the human idea may be a germ at first, and then slowly more and more firm. Like maybe, I think some of the old films I watched as a child is not also a certain reason in it, including the calendar on the wall of my grandmother's house these. In addition, I grew up in the theater, it may be subconsciously will feel quite beautiful, everyone is creating every day.

In fact, everyone will have pressure, every industry will have pressure, learn to get along with yourself, I think it is something that everyone is doing. So I don't think there's anything too much to say, just gratitude.

First of all, I would like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and then go to the cinema in the New Year to have fun and watch the movie "The Second Generation of Goblins". Thank you.

In fact, an actor is not able to decide what to play, you can only do this project and the book to your hands, you decide to do it when you have to commit yourself 100% to this work, responsible for themselves, to be the best version of themselves. This is not easy, because it's easy to get a job done, but it's hard to be the best you can be.

Neither is the biggest problem, because it's all about being an actor, and you'll be happy when you do it.

In fact, the shooting of this scene is basically one or two over, because the director he is a feeling to shoot a documentary to shoot, he trusts the state of the actors, we are shooting time is actually very tight, only a month's time. There is no one scene that will be particularly difficult, we seem to be simplifying, such as shooting in the mud, such impossible things, or the language barrier quarrels and other seemingly very difficult scenes, but on the contrary are a pass, he felt OK, it is OK.

I was shooting without looking at the monitor, the director is also more in favor of this. I think the actors should focus on their own intuitive feelings, because such a subject matter requires a sense of realism and texture, and then there are not a lot of lines, it's all about the communication between the actors. You can feel that it has its own particular precise message that you want to express.

You can't grasp it, because if you want to grasp it, it becomes a dilemma that you try to get closer, but you're not close enough. You have to believe that you are, and this state is what the director and we all want to pursue. After you believe you are, how you will react, how you will perform, it will become more convincing. If you try to pinch or grasp, it may be a way that the director can't accept, because the director does put authenticity first.

These two mothers are not easy. Su Su in Three Lives also went through a lot of trials and tribulations, while Yingzi's story takes place in the modern era, so I can appreciate her difficulties, although they are different kinds of difficulties. When I was in the shooting space, I would imagine what kind of loneliness and vulnerability she felt when she was in the dead of night, in such a turbulent era, with a daughter on her own.

Of course, I think that every role is the beginning of a destiny if you decide to play it. Every time an actor performs, he thinks about how to bring himself to the limit, because each time the limit may be different, and he hopes that different characters will have different degrees of fullness.

I don't really watch that many movies, especially during filming, so you probably still have to keep yourself from being influenced by other films. This drama has a very unique perspective, a female perspective, an identity that may not be very accepted by society at the time, so it may be different from some of our previous war films. It may be a bit more depressing, not so much war scenes.

In fact, when we hear the word "widow", we may have preconceived notions. For me, the challenge may be to take away the world's notion of widows and my own notion of this word. Yingzi has a lot of repression, a lot of taboos, which leads to her feelings being repressed, but she really needs (the feelings), love does happen, and she needs her own space.

Her contradictory and complex psychology is the very flavorful part of this character, so do not tell yourself what you should do at this time when acting, but after you have a sense of conviction in your character setting, you will naturally accept the stimulation of the language given to you by the other side or the direction of the story, you will have a lot of improvised emotions and performances.

When you have your own direction, you know where your distance is and you can get closer, not that the role is so different, because in fact every actor is very imaginative and has great conviction. For me, the difficulty of playing a village girl widow is not as difficult as believing you can fly, in fact, it is the same. Because as long as you are playing the moment, you have to believe that you are such a character, including the previous role of Emotionless ("The Four Greatest Catchers") is also the same, she always has to be in a wheelchair. The experience and challenge of each role is different, but there is nothing that can't be overcome.

It's actually quite consistent. There's a certain temperament in filmmakers that is very similar, even if they don't speak the same language. Because everyone is in pursuit of status, every department is, and so are the actors. Everyone works in a very focused way, without so many contradictions and misunderstandings.

Pure power, the simpler it is the more there is something that can return to the state.

Each of them seems to me to be great souls, and if they weren't actors maybe we wouldn't have had access to them. But their souls have a glow, not that we put on a lipstick, or comb a classic 1950s hairstyle is attractive women. Instead they didn't particularly care about their beauty, I think. Vivien Leigh was a pretty wild woman, and Hepburn was so delicate. Everyone is multi-faceted and not happy to be very formal or elegant every day. Why not love every single thing we have, our bodies or our looks, and accept them unconditionally, no matter how good or ugly they look. Because our interest, our daily value, not to mention survival value, emotional value, or your expression or your experience, these should be what people go after, is what drives them.

If you ask me to look at the camera every day to study which angle looks best, I really suffer, and I'm not good at that kind of thing. If our whole features, eyes, nose, etc. are used to breathe, to taste and express deeper sophisticated emotions, then this so-called looks that seem OK to you will be a feature of your expression. I always do not think beauty must have a fixed answer, we sometimes feel that this woman really has a taste, is comfortable. This is a chemical reaction, aura or energy, this kind of thing is the most important, no matter what kind of profession.

The cat is really a species worth learning from, because it is very present in the moment. Today it lives well in this home, and if one day it is lost, it will still take it in stride and continue to live its life, but you as the owner will not be able to stand it.

It's a big subject, have you ever thought about it? You can't talk, you can't think, love or hate, or remember like a human. Maybe that's the complexity and simplicity of being born as a human being, an extremely spearmint and rich existence.

Who you are, this is a very good subject, for the actor is more, it is like a gift, let you in a very relaxed state, can jump out, find some more of their own power.

People have their ups and downs, it's not possible to be the same as a robot. Sometimes the most unfortunate thing is that you come across a job opportunity, but your own state is saturated. For me, it's important to be awake, awake to be able to see the difference between yourself and your role and figure out how to catch up. Or should I use the word 'discovery', the opportunity is unattainable, even a passing role, but it will also open up another dimension, especially when we begin to doubt ourselves, found that a variety of possibilities exist, are worth waiting for.

Women need a sense of ritual, not to meet the moment, but to remember a certain moment. And can carry this memory, often a precious and special objects, such as diamonds. Women love diamonds for a reason, because there is almost nothing more pure, transparent and natural than the thing.

As the book states, I have found that it is impossible to deliberately find joy. As long as you remain committed to finding it somewhere, you lose sight of where it really is. And just like that, you ignore everything that is already being experienced. Like a bird flying across the sky, there is no trace of it, yet its presence cannot be denied.

This I have to learn, I'm quite torn about throwing things away, because sometimes something and myself for a long time, although sure it is no longer useful, but still can not let go.

When I think of a former director Chen Jiashang, he never wore any other clothes, every day is a variety of white shirts, we guess he may have a row at home. There are times when I feel like wasting time on matching details, and I'm wondering if it's worth it, such as letting myself have a few varieties left in my closet, which is also particularly good and no longer a waste of time. In fact, whenever a period of time passes, we will look back at past trends, although the big time rotation may be ten or five years, but overall last year's and this year's Ken have different, simple is always right.

Sometimes it's like this, you always want to receive the kind of role that makes you shine and opens your soul, but it's also a clich, because it's unlikely to meet often, so now we're still waiting, because every film has many behind-the-scenes possibilities, at this stage, we'll finish the work at hand, and then prepare for the next step.

There is an intuition, an unspoken attraction, which is difficult to explain the feeling. But now I am not bound to this feeling, I now feel that as long as a story is full, I am willing to spend time to explore its shining points. In fact, many times you will filter out a lot of information that you do not want to touch at first, so you have to read more and experience more. This time I'll think, well, it can, I'll go shoot it.

I think not all possibilities are there for everything, if you don't see the possibility that it has surprises, then maybe it's just mediocre, but if you really put yourself if to the maximum, you tend to change the fate of the thing. Sometimes this will be the case, but not all the time, and this may be the initiative that we actors can seize. It's also true that we were originally taught not to be too picky about other factors, which is you, the actor, your relationship with the character.

For me, it's important to be awake, awake to be able to see the difference between myself and the character and figure out how to catch up, rather than say cheating myself into acting with a lot of skill. I don't think I'm particularly good at planning my time in life, and I don't know who is in front of me sometimes when I'm not in a state of shooting. I know more about who I am when I'm filming.

I also like the state of that time, each role, is an expanded version of life, I also feel the energy and calm the emotions in the body of Bai Shallow method, and her kind of transparency, really infected me some, may be one day encounter not too happy things, but also to the shooting site on the resolution.

Bai Shallow lived a very happy, pure life, encountered love and very thorough, experienced a deep, extreme love of three lives. I always like to be extreme, and I don't want to face the character. She is brought into the inner battle of feelings, which is quite literary.

This is how I understand it, I prefer the word pure, pure can not accommodate more states, may be only a certain feeling is good to be beautiful. But when the person is conflicted or tangled or she has other emotions, purity is not as powerful. And pure is responsible for themselves, but also know how to experience, know how to release, I prefer pure and powerful, which may be more powerful label. But when the label is on, you have to take it off.

This really depends on how you go about regulating, never cut off the process of doing homework with yourself. And do not reject any, news or events. This is how you can find the pure land of the mind, since you can't control what others think, and do it well, it's better to go light.

Psychology, occasionally look at biographies, read less fiction.

You need to see when you encounter a blow. Because you are particularly easy to look into, or acting can not find inspiration, whether to look at psychology, science or philosophy, can go to verify a lot of inner thoughts. Of course Stanislavsky is my guru. His system, for actors is a set of truth, he is a lifelong to do one thing, until he died that system has not finished writing, this is the value of life.

If you think of it as a move in a chessboard, if you keep playing chess, keep estimating tomorrow, the whole life ambition, it is likely that your imagination is so big.

No thought. When I was young and had a clear consciousness, I only wanted to be an actor, to work in literature and art. When I was seven or eight years old, I thought actors were good, very mysterious and very expressive. I think actors can be actors for the rest of their lives, just like Stanislavski, doing one thing for the rest of his life and not feeling inadequate at all. Acting is an adventure, a process of breaking and rebuilding. I don't think there's enough time to explore it. It's a wish of mine to do this one thing well.

Your soul can only be your responsibility, I just have to learn a solitary gesture and give myself back to myself. I'm not playing for anyone on camera, it's a particularly abrasive - a process.

I'm playing a person in your heart, and I want to satisfy you and become the person you expect me to be. But what do I do to fulfill the expectations of others? I have to go through myself.

I may not talk much in the scene, or sometimes go crazy, let me do so, this is my method.

I love what the author writes, her imagination and her capturing of emotion, proving that she's following the character through the experience. The more homework we do, the more that collides when we get to the scene.

Yang Yang is very supportive of my creative approach: he is a very good actor at his age and in a very stable state.

How can you be okay with yourself?

Her emotional experience is extreme, from the initial indifference to everything from a distance, to layer by layer trapped in. Finally, she rediscovered it off the bat, knowing that she might live forever, a feeling that is not something we can imagine.

Once the focus, after entering the group - everything will be very stable.

The reason why he shot the middle-aged stage after gaining 40 or 50 pounds and then shot the young one after losing weight is because he thought if he shot the thin one first and then the fat one, there would be no motivation to reduce after the killing. This I can especially understand, let me for the role of fat or thin, I can. For myself to lose weight, this is not the part I care about.

When shooting a scene, I use this moment to adjust myself to adapt to many internal and external environments. Just like many people who close their eyes to rest, I choose to meditate, a state that is more conscious. Drastic changes in the environment are not something you reject or resist and it goes away, my way is not to reject any kind of disturbance.

The gym, sometimes running is also in the gym, either that or aerial yoga. One of my classmates opened a studio, although quite far away, but quite like to practice dance in it. Aerial yoga must not let down your guard, attention can not be scattered. After a few ground movements you can go up, it is not difficult to go up, it is not very high, but you can not just control your body, but to go with the rope force.

Some people think that fitness can be frankly away from work, and get everyone's understanding. But in fact, the people who understand you, will understand you. Those who do not understand you, fitness is also a problem. So it's not about what you do, it's about the difference between people and people. For me, it is a test of physical and mental strength. At the end of the run may not be physical strength, or bored with running, then you can not persevere? It's your own will.

You have to say that the abs vest line those, for me is the standard not the original, physical fitness than a particularly good-looking appearance is more important, the other is followed by. If I climb a mountain or run a few kilometers, I can not be tired at all, or recover quickly, I will feel very energetic. That's when it feels comfortable and sound. The best health is to not design it and get its own results.

Yes, there should be something more interesting for me to do this, to fully engage the muscles in my body, to use your flexibility, your explosive power to do this, so that people know at first glance that you have practiced, or you are her! You are the character! At that time I felt that it was worthwhile to use my limbs to exert my physical strength in the practice room and gym, and finally face the moment of the role, "I have the ability and physical strength, I can do it"!

Then I'm really not a female artist. For one thing, my physique is not very up and down, it has been about the same since I joined the industry, not fat and not thin; for another, the film camera is very reductive, it does not catch those tricky angles. You are what you are, the shot is what it is. I don't want to be thin for the sake of a certain angle, that I have no motivation, if you let me play a person of 80 pounds, I will be particularly motivated to thin.

As long as I am okay, the whole team will not slow down the progress.

For cardio exercise is what I'm most interested in, in the need for strong physical strength and physical fitness, such as shooting martial arts scenes, I will not be deterred, I know I can.

I hadn't worked consistently for a long time at high altitude before, instead I had some reactions when I was in Jiuzhaigou, so I rushed to lie flat. The lack of oxygen actually feels a bit high, like shooting a few days of the big night, people are floating. I am very relaxed, I think do not scare themselves, I am more confident in their own cardiorespiratory function.

I always think not to give yourself too much mental pressure, deliberately careful, do not have so much baggage. It's obvious that when we take an EKG, we're obviously fine, and the more we test, the more nervous we get. There is a small watch to measure the heart, I sometimes try to play with it, but as soon as I put it on, I tend to get nervous.

Drinking coffee has been a habit of mine for about five years. Often the way to spend an evening is, black cat, coffee, script. Sometimes a lazy sleep until the afternoon, get up, eat and go back to bed, continue a good book, a cup of coffee lazy life. A few years ago, I woke up early one day and drank a small pot of coffee, and that was the first time I knew that drinking coffee on an empty stomach would give me heartburn. Later on, I dared not fast, I must eat something, if it is during filming, I will eat the crew's meal.

Young people are nothing but control exercise and diet. In terms of diet, I've always been in line with the principle of eating whatever I want to eat. The rest is left to a good mood. When it comes to luxuries, a good mood in this era is a luxury. It can not cure all diseases, but will not let people because of bad mood and affect the functioning of the organism.

One is exercise, one is their own silly fun, I will let myself commit the second.

The eyes are the windows to the soul, no need to decorate, own a clear eyes emitting light. From the heart, there will always come out of a suitable path to go to the far side of their dreams.

But then I started to self-indulge and not care so much about the outside. What remained in the end was deeper than the dress.

I will treat my exploration of life and myself as a gift, and only I know what the process is like. And the process did not leave myself regrets, is what I seek.

I can't help it, I always don't want to waste too much time on this.

Now I take any role, I don't put them into a list, what I have played and what I want to play now. In fact, every time is a breakthrough, every time is a chance to release myself. I don't want to let go of any such opportunity.

My rule is to have at least one or two months to prepare for the role, otherwise I will panic.

I never find it a challenge to portray a role that is not so beautiful in the eyes of the world, or even a face. In one scene, the director even asked me to put black circles under my eyes, but now I think it is most beautiful to have texture.

I feel that every time I play a role is a break and a return, after the return, and then to spread out, to feel more things in their own experience, to find the humanity, humanity is the most convincing thing in the film. As opposed to all the fancy clothes and patches, which seem to be one-sided to express the identity of the characters, the real idea has to be expressed through the emotions of the actors.

I don't really like to tell people what kind of person I am, it's very possible that you'll change again tomorrow. Don't give yourself any keywords, keywords are scary because sooner or later you won't need them.

Many people will compromise because everyone thinks it's weird if you don't, if you don't go with the flow. However, you will only progress if you break the rules of the game or the inherent perception.

My ambition is not to show everyone what kind of person I am, standing under the halo; but to return and tap into what is really valuable. In the end, as an actor, to be able to have a soul and emotions underneath the performance, emotions that are complex enough and performances that are explosive enough, that is my ambition.

My love for them is as selfless as their love for me.

Oh, that's what my mom raised, and I'm the one who's responsible for jerking off the cat.

You have to know where you are because there is never a top. Act well you know yourself, act badly and don't ask others, work hard for yourself. Also, the kind of heart that is not afraid to strike is something that actors need to practice every day on set.

In fact, every role seems to find this shadow that shadow, but that is not really a person, really that one is unknown, so I really do not even look like the role I play. I act when the whole person's mental state and emotional mobilization are very concentrated, but usually a little more lazy, also have a big strip and sensitive and vulnerable time.

It is the play inside wearing dentures, playing a demon, wearing animal kind of teeth. In fact, the look does not give me a big surprise, that is the externalized part. For me, I pay more attention to my inner feelings. The inner feelings have changed, which is more interesting.

In fact, when you go from your teens to your twenties, you think that you are too old to be twenty. When you are in your twenties, you will think that you might be too old at thirty. I think now that how you define age is an individual thing. 30-year-old women are just starting out, and everything is just right. This is not to comfort yourself, I mean the top of your mind and all your feelings, a lot of things are just maturing, which is very good for actors.

Furthermore, when I'm 40 or 50, I still want to be able to pursue things outside of my age. The fear of age seems to be something unique to a certain cultural context. When a woman reaches 30, 40 or 50, there are many things she doesn't understand, and she does have fears, not because of her looks or her physique, because I always believe that it is too difficult for modern people to grow old, and that every age can be lived wonderfully. Throw away the age bondage, you are getting more and more beautiful inside, and the outside will show it.

The definition of a chivalrous woman is different for everyone. The part of me that is chivalrous exists, but not the appearance, not the knife and the clothes, definitely not, because I have played many so-called chivalrous women, I think it may be the strength.

I am who I am, and no matter what others say, I will not become someone else. So, I'm getting more and more fearless about labels: will I be affected by the fairy label being put on me? I'm quite direct, and my emotions are amplified, I'm particularly energetic and obsessive about certain things, and I still like this energy in myself.

I think innocence is not at all the same thing as stupidity, ignorance or childishness. Purity, whether it is a color or a substance is pure, its proportion is not wandering, not wavering. Wandering and wavering are particularly draining, and whether you are pursuing a dream career or otherwise, they are bound to manifest themselves in some way and hinder your progress.

Simple or pure, I'm not talking about myself, or if you want to mention this trait, simple is a very brave act. Many people will compromise because everyone thinks you're good if you don't, if you don't follow the crowd. But break the rules of the game or inherent perceptions, you will progress. It's no coincidence that everyone, no matter what industry they are in - and I've read some autobiographies of businessmen and women - at the end of the day, I find that they have a child living inside them, and it's no coincidence that they have extreme intelligence and wisdom, and a particularly flexible and free child living inside them at the same time.

Reflecting on myself, I realize that there are some emotions, I will still lose my temper when I encounter unhappy things, when I was a child, I lost my temper with myself, and I was particularly aggressive, but in the past few years I have really been able to go in front of my emotions. But recently there is a little bit of regression, good thing I realized, I want to go forward again.

When I was in high school, I was a little more beautiful, but then I let myself go, not caring about my image at all. Just like playing a village girl, many people say that the skin is a big challenge. But for me, that is not a challenge at all, I do not want to make myself look good, on camera, there is a state is the most beautiful.

Whether it's the confusion I've experienced, or the surprise of knowing more after the character has been created, I need to face it, so I need to become more active in general.

Yes. It's a lot harder than on the ground because you have to control the weight of the rope. There's no point of impact, so you need to have more control. This is something that I feel very deeply.

I think I can try it out if I like the music of any movie and the director wants me to sing it, because I think it can be integrated with the movie. In fact, acting and singing have something in common, a lot of high notes, when I was a child, I could not sing, but now there are more layers of emotion and tension, or think of some situations, it will have power. I think the singing of the character's state of mind, with the character's heart and pauses, and pop music is different again.

That's foresight. Know a little bit before you do something. Few people will do something they don't feel at all without feeling safe, right? But having done it, you will find that a better perspective will come out and a bigger vision will emerge.

After receiving the invitation to read this novel for the first time, I originally thought it was just an ancient costume novel, and after reading it, I felt that my previous thoughts were really preconceived. The immortal subject matter tends to make people have conceptualized things, such as immortal clothes floating or flying around. However, Bai Shallow is a character with a very rich emotional volume. If a person can really live tens of thousands of years, how does she spend every day of those tens of thousands of years? If every day is just a routine, what is the point of tens of thousands of years? This is what I find most interesting. At the end, Bai Sha realizes that what she has been running away from is perhaps the best thing of all. This is the inspiration that the character brings to the reader, and it is also the entry point for my performance.

I once wrote a thing about this movie and Bai Shallow, almost tens of thousands of words, all my personal understanding, I don't know if anyone read it.

Billy August (one-time Oscar and two-time Palme d'Or winner) was the director I couldn't refuse, and Ying was the character I couldn't refuse. Everyone thinks I can't play a widow, and in a way I'm a stereotyped actor, but I know I'm malleable, but empty explanations usually pale in comparison. The way Billy August sees me is different. He doesn't set me up with any templates or routines. He gives me trust, and I want to return that trust with a competent performance, and I trust him a lot, and trust is one of the best gifts I think people can give to people.

When I see inaccurate news, I don't get nervous for myself, I just feel for my staff, who are definitely nervous. But it's useless to be nervous. When faced with something, it's either keep worrying or just be myself. The best response to inaccuracies is to ignore them. I've also had that somewhat naughty thought that when I see something funny and ridiculous said, I think, if I just go along with it, will they be shocked? Haha. Like I do now to ignore everything, people will probably find me particularly boring.

The photos are clear, so what can I do? I rarely look at my phone, and I don't brush Weibo and friends, it's easy to let life fall into a mechanical state, to say the least, a little self-evasion. I don't want to live like this.

Once, I was playing at my girlfriend's house, two girls stared at each other, and then I said, "Let's go on a trip? The two of us really left the next day. This is the way to have fun when you travel.

A few years ago I went to Australia to see my cousin, and one night I went out to the beach carrying a bottle of wine and wanted to see the sunrise. As a result,......, I fell asleep drinking and opened my eyes already at noon. A bottle of wine, a person, a foreign country, quite romantic.

In my opinion, the real adventure is to not care about the outcome. A thing comes to you, may be a very good result, may also be very bad results, we do not care about the results in the end how, only feel the process. For example, I once took a play without reading the script. It was a very crazy thing, and the experience was very good.

Age is just a number. A girl in her teens may already be over 30 years old mentally. A woman in her 40s could still have the heart of an 18-year-old girl. In either case, it's lovely.

You don't see any impatience or incomprehension in him, all you see is patience and quiet strength. I think we're quite similar in this regard.

I don't think playing a pervert is a breakthrough, or playing a role that seems more challenging in terms of identity is a breakthrough.

I know that what I really love is to tap into the heart, what I really love is the emotions, what I really love is to be an actor. So no matter what people say, iconoclastic or strength, it does not matter, because it is not a movie, not the person put on the screen, just a peripheral evaluation, this evaluation I think how to accept.

The producer or investor will see that I will be more anxious because I do not know how to recommend the film, I just feel that after the performance, I have sealed this memory with this role, completed, the role to this place has been completed, I will start the following work.

I felt like I was seeing the director and Emile Heskey again this time on ...... because I hadn't seen them for a long time, the last time I saw them at the Beijing Film Festival. I'm happy that we had the opportunity to talk about the play and chat together again. I am grateful to the Shanghai Film Festival for allowing this film to be the opening film.

I was approached by the producer, but it was the director who decided after looking at the photos. I think this is a very rare opportunity for me, for any actor.

I haven't seen it, but I know he is a director who has won many prestigious awards. I think he is really a quiet soul, you can't see any impatience or incomprehension in him, all you see is patience and quiet strength. I think we are quite similar in this. We didn't have much chatting and communication in the scene, we were both willing to sink down and feel that environment. I remember one morning when we were having breakfast, I saw him eating breakfast next to me, and he finished his breakfast with his eyes closed, not closing his eyes, but thinking all the time. Even for such an accomplished and respected director, he was still entering his film world in the most unpretentious way, with no shortcuts. I could feel his quiet power.

The director doesn't see people through colored glasses, because he is a foreigner. He is also a quiet soul who is able to see the open possibilities. I have grown up in these years and my heart has more possibilities compared to the original, and I myself can see more possibilities for myself. I don't think a widow with a child, a single mother is a challenge, as long as you stand on camera is a challenge, no matter what you have to play, what you do, when the camera turns you will not panic, this time in the end how much power, this is what you should grasp as an actor. Not that I want to play a pervert today or a murderer tomorrow, how do I break through, it's not like that.

I'm not young anymore, I'll be 30 in two months, I'm far from young. I should say that I started slowly in my early 20s, and as I said before, it was through literary films that I found myself at that time, and that novel changed my understanding of how to enter the role.

It was not because of my role, but because when Emile Heskey read the letter, I felt that I saw a lot of European cinema - simple, without a word of excess, without sensational words, just like that, it ended. I felt quite moved.

I think there are not so many language and border barriers in filmmaking, we all seem to be particularly unified, no matter which country, once we shout "start", we all have a concentrated force. We don't need to communicate too much, what we want, we basically know what we want.

In fact, I have not been in any of the films you say that the situation, I do not see a lot of peripheral happenings, especially focused. The protection of the actor's state is in which the play has, if it interferes with the emotions people will be very sensitive. This is the same.

Emile is a particularly relaxed actor, you usually get along with him completely do not see in the film side of the seriousness and sense of gravity. This is really a talented actor, he is also intentionally relaxed himself, I often joke with him, this chat later how to pull themselves back, but when shooting we came back.

There is no greatest breakthrough, nor any limitations that have always been there, it is all about the completion of each and every opportunity, all factors determine the impression of the play. But for me, my life as an actor I am moving forward, and do not feel that playing a pervert is a breakthrough, or play a role in the identity of the seemingly more challenging to have a breakthrough. Everyone here has a story to tell and is worth digging for, but how deep to dig is where an actor needs to go.

I myself do not feel that there are those problems, nor do I feel that when acting will be the role of what kind of consideration in the. In fact, the film is such a large closed space, when the lights are off the audience's heart is the role and story. This is the process of receiving information. It's not that we need to update our understanding. Because it is true that I have not done a TV series for more than ten years, many people have not seen the movies I played, and I still have the impression of being 17 years old. It's not that it has anything to do with age, it's just that the state I was in as a child is not the same as the one I am now.

I don't even mind their comments. I have no pressure, the real test after the film is the audience, as long as the film has seen what kind of comments are accepted.

This is not something I think about, it's simplistic for me. Some people go to see it and see what people think afterwards, if they see it, they will think it is an actor's perspective.

Do I have the right to pick? I think actors are relatively passive, the so-called a look at the kind of talent that can stimulate every cell of your script is certainly not every script is like this, you need to adjust themselves.

No, I like that kind of meticulous, slow state, but do not exclude any possibilities, I think art is all connected.

Everyone has a lonely soul deep inside, even if you are in a lively occasion, but in fact, you are still facing yourself for a longer time.

I'm sure there are times when I'm lonely, because I'm especially nerdy, sometimes I stay at home for a few days and don't go out, and at that time I'll search WeChat, and sometimes I'll look for friends and say come out for dinner, or I'll go out for a stroll.

There are also, but we are busier, hair, more students.

I basically defused it myself, some things are more annoying the more you talk about. I'm okay, I'm okay with friends together with a relaxed shopping, watching movies, chatting.

So soon we meet again! Feel like I don't even know what to talk about anymore.

Have to review a little. I still have to wear more in the future.

I hope my closet is full of jeans and white T-shirts, so I don't have to think about what to wear every day, haha.

Luckily, there are stylists in this business. Basically, I don't worry about it.

In fact, not intentionally ah. If good work finds you all the time, or you can find good work, it's a matter of timing. It's not up to me. So when you have the opportunity to have a job, you do it, and it's good to put it all in during that time.

I didn't go online much during that time, but I was happy to hear the news. I felt like I knew what my next job was going to be as soon as I finished the previous one. It's not often that you can do that.

Maybe when I reach a stable stage, or a mature stage, I will pay more attention to that process. After the end of the process, the process is over for me. There were some movies that I didn't watch in time after they came out. I watched them on TV later. Sometimes if you see it on a random occasion, there will be a surprise.

It is that you feel that there is no point in pursuing a result. Each part of the process will be a surprise if the effect is maximized and exceeds your expectations. If your expectations are great, but it is possible that the final effect is not so great. So it's better to let yourself go and do it.

I don't daydream, like thinking about the day I win an award. I will only think that I am happy to play the role well. Maybe it will take you to an unimaginable result one day, not necessarily an award. It might be infectious to a lot of audiences.

Just because I've always been sober, never a narcissist, and never felt aggrieved that people couldn't understand what I was playing well. After putting in the effort to get flowers and feedback, of course, very happy. But these should not be the first thing you think of. The first time is to enjoy it. The time to perform is very enjoyable. I believe that many actors are also like this when acting.

Today are quite like, some shirt dresses, very comfortable, able to wear out something, and also quite strong.

Yes, some of the things that followed the three films. There are some odd events.

Not surprisingly it should be.

I don't have a good memory and need to recall for a while ......

Letting go, not letting go of yourself. For an immortal romance novel, the existing environment and readers may be preconceived to classify it. Everyone's established impressions of ancient costumes and the author's particular whimsy will actually be at odds. Three Lives, Three Worlds" seems to me to be both traditional and breaking with tradition. I have a very good feeling about the novel after reading it. Because I saw our unique Chinese mythological system, our understanding of the divine world. If you visualize it, it can be very powerful, rather than a simple regression or repetition. This was also the case when I was shooting. I have never played such a tens of thousands of years of life, very animalistic role.

She is a fox, wild nature is there. Primal, some instinctive reaction, real, no separation. The most important part of this play is actually its authenticity, the psychological and emotional process of each character, are particularly real, step by step. Yang Yang and I would often analyze the psychological lines of the characters when we were playing. Their identity evolution, memory, tolerance, forgiveness, and so on.

I think trust is important. You can quickly activate this trust switch, depending on whether you are willing to. In fact, in the pre-shoot, not only with Yang Yang, but also with all the creators, if you turn on this switch at the beginning, you can receive a lot of positive information.

Of course not, because the character Bai Sha is not a frame. She is far beyond your life experience, and life is far from being that dramatic.

I don't really have the right to choose the film. Just like when I received the call, the producer approached me, I was very trusting and agreed without thinking about anything.

In fact, this is not what an actor should consider. I think that big business can often be big art. As long as you do your best, it is possible to reap a lot of box office and also have a high artistic achievement. As an actor, of course, I also hope that my performance can infect more people. So this time the so-called spreadability and popularization is also very important.

This word does not dare to be used. Every actor is hardworking. I think actors are a group of people with special stamina. Maybe it's like Natalie's "Black Swan". Every actor wants to pursue perfection and the pursuit of what is the ultimate.

I think I learned from the director, Mr. August, and I have posted on Twitter before, that "keep it simple". These four words seem easy, but they are actually very difficult. It seems effortless, but it's a great wisdom. Because keeping it simple means going back to zero. It's not easy to go back to zero.

In fact, I think every person, and I'm sure you are too, is alone. Yesterday, the photographer also gave me a portfolio of his work, that is, when he worked in various places around the world, photographed a variety of people looking down at their phones. In fact, every moment of looking at the cell phone reveals a lonely soul. There are indeed two sides to this era. In fact, loneliness, it may sound a bit pessimistic to say, but we are born alone and we are alone when we go. So if the inner self-discipline is strong enough to get through several levels of yourself, I think it will be very energetic.

Not so much. Not to enjoy, or you should know not to reject any kind of situation, not to reject the crowd, not to reject the loneliness, because life is composed of different moments, different stages.

There are hey, but not every day, sometimes drink milk before going to bed, sometimes drink wine before going to bed.

In fact, I am not very competent in this area. Luckily I am not a model. Not too willing to spend time on this, because I think I have to study a lot of things ...... and this is mainly by natural talent. I want to be well cultivated afterwards ...... sometimes feel confident after studying this season, the results of the next season out and all changed ...... and do not know how to use it. Luckily, there are stylists in this business. Basically, I don't worry about it.

It is more and more grounded ...... hahaha ...... in fact, before entering the industry is not much high cold.

I don't necessarily want the audience to be able to get my point, maybe my state and the degree of digging, and my own expectations also have a gap, but I just want to do such an exploration.

As long as you don't limit yourself, no one can limit you.

If there is no logic, I can't act by myself.

I sometimes turn into a 'madman', where the madman refers to the time when I 'break' myself into the role when acting, which is a very extreme state. I think actress Liu Yifei is not a masked me, but a more real me.

When there is inner peace, watching the ups and downs of the waves is also a restful landscape. On the contrary, the scenery is beautiful, but also separated by a layer of noisy sound.

I don't know if it's because I'm watching "The Best Brain" that I've become so stupid.

The bookstores in China World Trade Center and Sanlitun were quite good when they first opened, but now there are fewer and fewer good books, and not as many kinds, forcing you to buy them online.

Wear sunglasses, it's too dark to see the books indoors.

Everyone's eyes are looking at the book, who will look at you.

Many people have crossed thousands of mountains and rivers, as well as living a chaotic life, I think it still depends on the chance.

Perhaps in everyone's mind, the word "chivalrous woman" has a solid image, whether she represents coldness, strength or toughness. But behind these solid images, I hope to feel more of her contradictions and some of her deeper qualities that are not stereotyped. For example, I think that a person's vulnerability and strength can exist at the same time, and I would like to explore the spiritual connotation of Chinese culture behind the image of the "chivalrous woman". I feel that when I find this spirit, I am playing a living human being. Being a living person is the most convincing thing, because no matter how dramatic the character you play is, as long as she is real enough, it will resonate with people.

In fact, very often, I don't want to be so eager to tell people what I am or am not like. I think these can be proven through time and action. As long as you can take off the subjective glasses, you will have a clearer understanding of others and the world. Although I don't want to face the camera to say what kind of person I am, I would like to say that becoming an actor is still one of the things I am most grateful for, acting can be said to be the source of all the happiness and motivation in my life. If you say you have to give something as an actor, something like hard training, I don't think you can say it's painful and happy, because all I feel is basically happiness.

I think people must learn to respect and love. You can have stars and actors that you particularly love, and you particularly appreciate their lifestyle or the irreplaceable charm of their work, but you must know what your own essence is, and not blindly emulate or learn from them. Because it is possible that just the smallest borrowing may destroy some organic things of your own. I think what can be borrowed is that many actors are also persistent, they are always looking for the so-called perfection, and then break this perfection, and then go after something more daring. I think we can learn from this persistence and perseverance. If you must ask me to name a particular actor I like, I really can't say it all.

I rarely think about these issues directly. But now I think it is very interesting to make such an appeal and expression. Because Maria combines fashion design and femininity in a very beautiful and fashionable way to convey the power that a modern woman seeks. This power is the power of gentleness, which is more powerful than masculinity. The most important thing is that it has a "resilience", which I think is one of the most important traits of modern women.

There should be no such thing as a standard. I think how you want to live, how you want to dress, how to do, because these are a way to express your attitude. When it comes to personality traits, I think as a woman, you first have to be a real sense of "human", and people are complex and diverse. So in terms of dressing, it's not like you're a big woman if you dress very, very Tough today. In Maria's designs, you can see the sensitive side of a woman in a leather jacket, or the strong side of a woman in a sarong. Women, really, can't be summed up and defined by just a few words, she is a contradictory and complex beauty in itself. Just like the look I'm wearing today, it's a blazer worn by a working woman, paired with a romantic sarong, this kind of casual mix and match, both rigid and soft, it feels very self-conscious and great.

I think the most important thing is to "be brave and be yourself". You have to think about what you really want, what your dreams are, and then what you really don't want, you have to be brave enough to give up. What you think is your value, is where your happiness, you will be brave to pursue. Although I have not been able to do exactly what I said, but I know that these qualities have slowly begun to appear in the body of modern women, so they have a particularly powerful energy.

Green cloth is just a way to shoot, the actors are still creating and performing as usual, there is not much impact, many of the film's live action scenes are real.

What? Light waves?

No aye.

I know, it's very mushy, isn't it?

Selfie send nine you will not be bored? I like to send one, and then the pictures are put together, and you can see it in one, isn't that good?

Well, I'll try some other day, so so so.

Well, I also want to, the set network is not good. I will look at the postings, there are too many types to remember the specific postings, like the fan-drawn comic characters.

I like watching the Ultimate Challenge, it's very funny, and it would be nice to go if you have the chance.

Oh, so you guys like this kind of ah.

What's the other show called? I can't go to this one.

I can't go to this, my brain, I am the strongest retard, haha.

I've seen all kinds of genres, all kinds of bars, including comedies and other things that I like to see. I hope to try it in the future, this subject is very testing, and it takes a lot of time to explore this issue. My favorite director is the director of "Black Swan".

When?

For new creations, I will not choose to take shortcuts, respecting my original heart is nothing to reflect on ......

What you like, I can give; but in case what I want to give you is different, in case you also like it?

If you are carried away by various voices before you get into a character, yes, it's great, you are very good and very good and professional, but is that still the character you are shaping?

It's good, I didn't expect to have such an opportunity so early, and when I came across it, I felt it.

What did I do last year?

You go to the movies, I'm not sure it's going to be funny, but my purpose really isn't to be funny, it's to experience. To experience the character, to experience why the character has such a state, this in itself is worth exploring.

Am I still living in the present? Am I no longer qualified to talk about my past?

If you don't want to change yourself, no one can change you, unless you consciously want to find out, or want to experience what state you are in, or want to organize your way of working, then you will really change.

I don't disrespect authority, on the contrary, I respect it, but I respect my own creation more, to avoid being led by authority and becoming lazy.

I haven't finished Freud's book yet, and it would be better if I explain it after I finish it.

Yes, I will ask myself some questions first, and I hope I can give you a responsible answer.

The relationship between an actor and a film, a role, is, on one level, a relationship between oneself and oneself. In the early days of acting, the film I knew was the impression I knew of myself. My will for myself now is that I want myself to face every role without being confused, even if the character herself is confused, I know why she is confused.

In fact, when you start a stroke and diligence, you will encounter the aura. No matter how you create it, don't deviate from that original track and don't go against the thoughts in your heart.

When I was filming, I was actually very conscious of protecting my emotions, and my consciousness would be very alert. The hard thing is not to be unhappy in your life and then to shoot a happy scene. The more difficult thing is that you encounter unhappy things, but also to shoot those painful scenes, more trouble. You can't squeeze any kind of emotion out of the scene, you have to put yourself into a peaceful point and completely empty yourself in order to be full.

Basically, I don't believe that people can't control their thoughts, you have to feel hurt all the time, you may really feel that way, but if you know what you're doing, and don't seek to necessarily not be hurt, or must give people recognition, then it's smooth. I don't want to become anything all of a sudden, none of this matters, I'm happy to still be acting.

If I have to describe a clearer image like "Black Swan", I actually don't like this kind of description, to create an impression of myself, and then as long as it's not that kind of drama, I won't take it, and over the years, it will become my own confinement. I like that work because it is very extreme, extreme, there is a possibility in everyone, extreme things, whether it is extreme calm, or extreme joy and sadness, are the most infectious.

It's really not anxiety, and I'm especially curious about what's going to happen next. I see some women who are physically very old and still have the innocent look on their faces, and it's beautiful. Many, many experiences must be the best thing for people. In good times, people enjoy joy and go to get joy, but a person who can come out of a so-called adversity, or an unhappy low, that person is great, she has nothing to be afraid of, through and through.

The label, if it's there, it's there, not better. The audience of TV dramas is after all wider, in fact some people have not seen my recent works, but I think it does not matter, and I do not want to deliberately prove anything. I will keep on acting, and one day maybe people will see, oh, Liu Yifei turned out to be like this.

IP is sometimes a double-edged sword, there is a lot of attention, but also excessive preconceptions, how do I convince people, how do I convince myself, to stand up the image of the character? In the three months of shooting can not let up a day, there are ideas must be presented, but also to filter out unnecessary information, this is a brain work. In terms of fight scenes, what kind of power should Bai Shallow's animal nature be, her flirtation, her motivation, her roots, all these things need the character to be more realistic and more tense, not flashy is a guarantee.

The role of Bai Shallow can play in her age and her energy, that is to say, people live a long time, the heart is also big, but she has a blind spot, that is, she thinks that emotionally I am over, I see through, but did not think that they are in deeper than others. She also has an animal nature, instinctive and sincere, very direct, and no separation from people and nature.

Yes, most of the action is in contact with the ground.

There is still an animal nature in Bai Sha, so it is better not to be too vain, a little sense of power.

He kept telling me that I could do it, I was just nervous.

There is no danger, but it is inevitable that the body is bruised and battered.

I can afford this role.

The audience is pertinent.

If you are interested, you can see my work in theaters.

I didn't expect it to be like this.

In fact, none of these titles can represent the complete me, I am myself, I am also a person with a variety of contradictory elements, perhaps because I saw this and felt quite a sense of power, so I gave this name, I am a person who likes to have a sense of power inside, I do not know if this is appropriate, I also like to listen to music to listen to fast rhythm.

I believe that everyone has many sides, and they show themselves in different states on different occasions. It is impossible for a person to be unchanging and to deliberately maintain the same state in different situations.

I hope to find new excitement in each script, characters and emotions I have never tried before.

For this character, many readers think it's enough, it's an introspective and delicate character, not easy to understand in terms of lines and plot. I think it is more of a return to the basics, not so much glamour, the scene is to try to relax the mood, as simple as possible, from the simplicity of the character to see the simple side.

I do not pay much attention to these, especially in the past few years, rarely to pay attention to the details of life, such as supplies ah clothes ah furniture ah, indeed living more and more simple, all the energy to focus on my special interest, these trivial things are less.

I am actually an extreme person, not in life, but professionally, so every play has an outbreak of drama, there are points that want to cry, these are very important emotional resonance, the audience to the cinema is also to find this emotional resonance, whether it is a comedy or tragedy, always hope to vent some emotions or get some emotions, or get inspired. So in terms of acting, you will find yourself always in pursuit of the ultimate state.

I look forward to and admire the young directors now, young but radioactive in their thinking, able to hit a lot of blind spots, issues that we usually don't think about, issues that are rarely explored. .

But not always ready to find a play for yourself to shoot, still have to consider some factors, any subject matter I want to shoot, any role I want to try, so, it depends on fate.

I don't want to dictate to myself what kind of roles I should play, each role is different, and I will take on some more groundbreaking, impactful and challenging roles in the future.

I don't think so, I often create embarrassment because my personality is too straight.

No, I think it's good to be natural and everyone feels comfortable.

There is no way to control it, but you can get very excited when you talk.

I think I can basically think of a natural state of conversation.

I think it is complementary, success is not something to exchange, the real success is to live as you want to live, not that you must lose to gain.

When you see a cat, you will feel especially comfortable, it is comfortable at all times, learn its habits, habits of getting along with the environment.

I just practice flexibility, running, and local strength exercises.

Not good, memorizing lines is a natural thing, not a difficult thing, this is easier. Remembering numbers or remembering faces, if I pay attention at the time, I can still remember.

I now feel like I'm having a bout of it, there was a time when I flew more, and when I flew to the fifth city I forgot which the first city was, or even where I was yesterday. The best thing I can remember is that if something happens the next day, I'll basically wake up at that point.

I might have to go help dub "Three Lives and Ten Miles of Peach Blossom" tomorrow, but it's coming out next year. There's another film with a Palme d'Or, Oscar-winning director, the Chinese title hasn't been decided yet, and the post-production is all this year, so hopefully it will be released next year, talking about wartime.

The film came to me quite suddenly, basically no time to prepare, as soon as I saw the script and the director, I was very excited to go over. As always, the director gave me his trust, and although I was playing the mother of a child with a rather large daughter, I was very convincing from day one and it went very well.

You said this is actually a kind of luck, sometimes you can meet, sometimes not, this time need to have a little rational judgment, which relative I can play.

Every actor wants to receive the perfect film, whether from the script, the crew, the subject matter is attractive, but this is different from person to person, for me, I also do not have the right to choose all types of films, may be this period to find me are these few scripts, at this stage, I will not decide whether to shoot this drama because it is a literary film or a genre film, more is to see whether the script itself I am willing to accept It was quite a long choice.

I'm still relatively lucky, my own reflection has helped me a lot, I know every day that my state is at zero or 100 or 50, I will have an impression after the performance, will not be lost.

Zero is also a kind of status. The director of "SDU" made a very attractive statement on Weibo: less is more. There is a philosophical meaning in it. Our brains are stuffed with all kinds of things every day, have we ever bothered to clean it up?

It is also a role about the female perspective, quite fortunate, the character's experience and personality is particularly playful, her identity is to live more than 100,000 years of such a person, the progression of emotional levels, there is a relatively large reversal, acting very enjoyable.

I think the vicissitudes are not manifested, people who have lived for a long time, she is very transparent and spontaneous, the heart is very big, the original is also written in this way, after the performance is more this feeling, this should be reflected in the specific aspects of it.

I think these are not allowed, do not want to be trapped, may be tomorrow is another look, people just have many sides. The fight scenes may feel better, maybe because there is a sense of power, maybe the real me is like this, I am more straightforward personality, chatting will not beat around the bush.

I think it is a process, a present, of course, know where their degree, for a variety of extreme performance, is a limitless, will not have a cap, emotionally is not capped.

If very tired, mood swings, may be a different state, but will not often happen. Going out to work itself is also a kind of trip, are a lot of colleagues together, or very happy.

At that time I was in the crew, every day in the shooting scene, it seems to be the last day of shooting, the crew gave me a holiday, there is a feeling of victory escape, I did not expect to go there than shooting tired, came back directly after the fever, fever for two days are almost 40 degrees, the first time I feel in the scene is dizzy, stand are not standing straight, resistance to labor is particularly strong sometimes really feel fine.

I don't even have time to go shopping, every day is full of schedule, get the brand to give me a gift, even if it is a comfort. The first few years to see the high definition, Dior is very gorgeous, at that time they are also more girlish, now feel more and more applicable to life, relatively simple, but also mixed style, I usually also wear the simpler the better. But when I open my closet headache, I finally think or white T jeans, haha.

At the time, I was a bit repulsed not because of anything else, but because I took for granted that it would be a traditional costume drama that would repeat itself with my own past.

It was a completely different story from my preconceived guesses, a rich and strange one, and the imagination of every detail struck me.

Bai Shallow's character can play on her age and her energy, that is to say, people live long enough to have a big heart, but she has a blind spot, that is, she thinks that emotionally I am over, I see through, but did not realize that she is in deeper than anyone else. She also has an animal nature, instinctive and sincere, very direct, and there is no separation from people and nature.

It is true that there are many external factors to overcome. IP is sometimes a double-edged sword, there is a lot of attention, but also excessive preconceptions, how do I convince people and how do I convince myself to stand up the image of the character? I know very well that the most responsible acting is not listening to anyone's opinion, but something very straightforward on set, no means no. So in the three months of shooting can not be slack, there are ideas must be presented, but also to filter out unnecessary information, this is a brain work. In terms of fight scenes, what kind of power should Bai Sha's animal nature be, her flirtation, her motivation, her roots and what are they, all these things need the character to be more real and more tense, not flashy is a guarantee.

I just know the difference between real and fake, sometimes I play myself, I don't like this feeling, I just want to live in it. As long as the state of life is achieved, I think "not acting" is the minimum requirement.

The audience is very intuitive experience, how much there is, is how much. But there is a prerequisite that they have really seen the work, not just rely on their own imagination to say how the role should be. I believe that the audience's evaluation is fair, and I myself am objective.

I think the most basic thing for an actor is to distinguish where his degree is, you can't play a little bit and then feel the pain so much that you can't get out of the scene. No, you must be clear about where you are now, how much space you still have, how much you can still lose yourself. As long as the state of life is achieved, I think "not acting" is the minimum requirement.

Of course. This will need to exercise their own emotional release and the ability to decompress, learn to throw away some things, do not overly entangled, stuck in one place, but will lose inspiration. I have had the experience of just reaching an exit, feeling like a bit of a breakthrough, opening up a bit of eyesight, only to have a period of time when I can't see anything. That middle point is very unstable and can be anxiety-provoking, but also particularly joyful. I'm stuck with a pain, and when I'm done, I'll finally think differently and take the initiative to let go of my current emotions and have an initiative.

If you play the ancients as the ancients, that's the end of it. No one can tell you how the ancient people actually walk and talk, you can only restore a most realistic person. When shaping the character, the empty space is a particularly big injury. You only have to relax, blend yourself in, no self-doubt, no sense of distance between the present and the past, there will be no problems.

In fact, each character and I have a great distance, I'm 29 years old, Bai Sha 14 million years, you say is not far? The relationship between the character and me is not one of others and me, but a process of learning for me. Before I became her, I wouldn't try to guess her feelings or values, or question her judgments and contradictions, I would let myself slowly come to a sensual state first, and then I would naturally understand the character's decisions. For example, Su Yunjin in "To Youth 2", she presents something very selfish, if you just think she's "made", it's definitely not true. You must understand what her fulcrum is, and it's not enough to find it, you must put yourself into it.

First of all, forget about their own lives, but also to relax themselves, this is a relatively slow process, to look up a lot of information, to sort out the various points of time and space intertwined, they have to be particularly familiar with, in order to build up a real feeling. So some of the roles into the very deep but out very easy, the contrast is too big, you will not have "who I am who I am" the blurred boundaries. Sometimes if I'm really confused, I just pretend to be crazy and indulge myself a little.

I really enjoy the learning process, horseback riding, hanging, flipping, which usually do not have the opportunity to experience, for a role to go through these things, I am very happy. But it is true that there is no time for you to prepare properly before shooting, you have to do it the hard way. My cervical spine is not very good, more than ten years old, no problem if you do not commit, but you have to be especially careful, or it will slow everyone down.

It is all about meaning. It's not just a career, but a way to understand what life is, what it is to perceive myself, to get me to step outside of my original perception. Many people say that acting is addictive because it shows you the infinite possibilities of yourself, oh, so I can do this.

It's especially damaging when you're portraying a character. You only have to relax, blend yourself in, no self-doubt, no sense of distance between the present and the past, there will be no problems.

Very adequate. I have not filmed for four months, although there is some promotional work, but also have enough time for themselves. I will not deliberately arrange, in addition to will certainly go to travel, is to sleep, wander around, or read a book at home. But if suddenly something happens one day, I will be able to get up on time, my biological clock has this setting.

You see what it looks like, it is what kind of. The circle of friends, in fact, is also a way to reduce stress. I do not want to live under too much pressure, since everyone is happy in the entertainment, why do not I happy to let go a little, of course, I have their own proportion.

When I was a kid, I wanted to be the kind of actor who was beautiful and acted at the same time. But now I feel that everyone has various dimensions and what is commonly seen may only be the surface. Everyone has different personalities and situations that cannot be replicated or replaced. My wish now is to be able to live a sober life and have a perfect mindset even if my circumstances are not perfect.

Basically don't watch too much, the number of movies to watch should be controlled, watching too much may have a preconceived problem, I think it will do more harm than good to character building. In the scene, several machines are turning at the same time, there is lighting, microphone radio, there are rival actors, there are dozens of staff around, then if you think about the mood of their role, and suddenly desert to another film, the result is quite frightening. It's better to focus on the moment and return to the basics.

Haven't quite been able to do that, it's hard. But I've been hoarding less and less these past few years and figured it out.

When I was in my late teens, I thought my 20s had aged well, but people are slowly changing, and your state of mind at this moment will determine all your states, and the camera will present it very bluntly. It's not your skin, but your story that makes you reveal your breath, unique. My wish now is to be able to live sober and have a complete state of mind even if my circumstances are not perfect.

Coincidentally, Yang Yang and I were both at Fashion Week for a few days during the filming of "Three Lives". I don't know what he thought, my feeling was that it was a vacation. The daily work of the crew was really intense and the air in the studio was not particularly good. Although the work outside is also very full, but at least a small sigh of relief, come back will be a different state.

This is a bit philosophical: you can pick a script that looks very different from your own, but how you act is still your own problem. I'm more interested in what I can dig up, so I can play someone who doesn't have a single line, or someone who doesn't have any description in the script. There are a lot of surprises when you go in, and only you can give it to yourself, it's like an adventure into the unknown.

The two eyes of the little fish are very close to me, it is a very small fish, gray, just stop and look at me.

When it sees you, it seems to really have a friend kind of feeling.

No, is to meet friends.

I'm usually quite an unorthodox actress, and I don't purposely keep in shape - of course, this is not worth learning. Anyway, I can really relax and think about it, but if I get up for a scene, I can immediately turn myself into an inhuman state.

It's best to look at it from a normal perspective.

Will not consider the consequences.

At that time, I had no choice but to shoot, I also feel that I encountered this film at this stage of my life and the things I experienced during the shooting, is that nothing else can replace it.

Between scenes and scenes, you will feel that the story in the middle of those gaps is more than what is reflected on the outside, which is very interesting. But he didn't write it.

Because the director knows very well that if he talks to you, it is something he fills in, and it is different from yours, so he does not say anything, which I think is also very cute.

He waits for you, you have to come in again anyway.

Less is more, is not absolute, is also one of the optional state, when you master a lot of possibilities, will be according to their own state at a certain moment, find the right way, free choice.

The play, only real and false, the level of complexity and simplicity, there is no right or wrong.

Because, all people are living, in and out of the drama, all have to live the same.

The relationship with yourself is more important, right? If the relationship with yourself is smooth, the external relationship will be smooth. Think about it, from birth, we are alone, right? In fact, the biggest issue along the way is the relationship between yourself and yourself, which is the basis for your communication with others.

You can't hold a funny mind to speculate, or need to face this subject very seriously.

In fact, did you know that most of the time actors are performing without physical objects, why? Because when shooting close-ups, some actors are particularly accustomed to or need to opponents to play with each other, but sometimes the conditions do not allow, such as the angle, the camera does not allow, or telephoto crane is particularly far away, you can not see the opponent, that time is in the scene with the air acting onlookers do not know, if you look at that situation, will feel particularly funny, but they do not feel funny when full.

I don't want to look at it, and I don't want to summarize any gains or losses after shooting. I just want to jump out and try not to perform in a narcissistic situation.

Sometimes even more complicated problems and things, you still have to experience, and then to solve, right?

The baggage is getting heavier and heavier. When the time comes, you will begin to feel that you really have to let go, press everyone's expectations and praise for you, really have to who into a time, but rather good.

The work partners you face, the role you play and the media you need to face, all require you to have a very mature mindset. I will feel that if I tell them my real thoughts straightforwardly, others will certainly feel very naive, so I let myself try to lean a little bit to create, and the truths heard elsewhere, sometimes directly used, in fact, it is also seemingly understandable.

Other people's things are other people's, perhaps I need more, is their own ideas, even if they are not so perfect insights.

I am a mixed soul, I am so pretentious.

The character Bai Shallow, also quite poor, she said herself, lived for so long, lived without knowing the dream is real, or live into a dream ... If she has been a deep muddy circle of living, you say, that time has meaning?

This is a good question, this question really did not think about it or just be a human being ... this question is really difficult to answer.

But sometimes I think that we can actively choose how to feel and get in touch with our emotions, and this is really what the profession of an actor tells us.

The word "alert" may not be a good word, I think it's not quite right, a person is always alert and aware of themselves, maybe it's right, but the problem is that this should be divided into time. The best person, in fact, is choosing every moment and knows what he wants to do. Letting go is also an idea, but I'm not always able to do that.

I touched my head and felt that it was not so hot, so I did not say anything.

I coughed for almost two or three months, and it didn't go away.

You have to pick the right kind of thing in terms of skin care, something you trust.

So basically, I think it's a good idea to rest, exercise, sleep well, and choose the right mask and skin care products.

I'd love to try it, but so far I haven't found anything particularly suitable, and I hope you have a chance to recommend some to me.

Breathing, perhaps more important than the action it.

Sun protection. Other aspects, if a girl wants to wear a dress to look good, this "flesh" or something, also have to practice a practice.

Running. The first, you sweat metabolism up after the whole fast, the mood will become good, and then you will feel that running on the cardiorespiratory function is a very good exercise. And running is the easiest, it is not so picky place, you can just find a place to run up.

Yes, I've always been lonely ah.

Everyone should have a lot of ideas about their own grand moment, essentially girlfriends can not say, if you must give friends such advice, I may think simple is good.

A little lighter, a little thinner, natural best.

It was hard for me at that time to take a role in a good dishwasher, a female first, but the result was not white and sweet in the general sense.

I slowly began to like that makeup, because the face looks particularly thin.

I don't feel safe, and I don't open myself enough.

It's after the age of 20s that the concept has completely changed, and I don't think at all that I must be beautiful in front of the screen. On the contrary, I will tell the stylist, try not to wear makeup, or try to be based on the role, if she is very tired, did not sleep well, or just cried, then do not use powder to cover the bags under my eyes. All stay, stay.

In fact, I don't know why at all, because it was a role that I played more than ten years ago, so maybe people have accepted this title passively like I did, so it has become a preconception. But I slowly found that I have nothing much to do with this name, and I hope that people treat me as a real person, because I think it's more interesting to be a real person.

I don't have a fixed state, sometimes I have big emotional ups and downs, sometimes I'm very quiet, but I can also be very loud.

My friends around me say that my personality is more direct.

For my current work and life, I am quite sober, especially actors have to do a lot of interviews, and often asked whether you are a very ambitious person.

I am very clear about my direction, and often find my true self back, and then think about what I want, and how to achieve the current dream. If you don't have a clear head, it's easy to be an actor and get carried away unconsciously.

I don't purposely watch the movies I've acted in, but sometimes when I see a TV replay, I think I acted quite vividly at that time. But basically I don't stay at the same point, what I'm going to do in the future is what I'm looking forward to.

I rarely use perfume in my daily life, but if I do, I prefer sweet floral perfumes, mainly not too strong and pungent, and I think the amount of perfume used must be well controlled in order to bring out the charm of perfume.

It is especially important to maintain mental health, my skin is unisex, not enough rest may grow small blisters, but otherwise there is no skin problems in general. I don't wear a lot of makeup on days when I'm not working, so I basically apply BB cream and sunscreen in addition to basic skin care, and then apply some lipstick depending on the mood of the day. When filming often have to do some dangerous actions, or because of staying up late very sleepy, I must try to keep myself focused, only the spirit of concentration to avoid all kinds of small accidents. At the same time to know how to relax and take good care of themselves, to get time to sleep and rest, and often do stretching or running. When I'm not working, I'll read a book or play with my cat, which helps to keep my mind balanced and healthy.

I usually wear flat shoes, jeans and dark shirts more often. And I have bought a lot of sunglasses, I can't say it's a collection, just a necessity, because it's easier to buy without trying too much, and it fits well with the clothes.

I've been to the Maldives twice, and I love diving there, I can relax and feel at ease, as long as I put on enough sunscreen I'm not afraid of the sun.

Actually, I don't seem to have anything to do with soft beauty.

Trying to be innovative in terms of image is a pretty one-sided thing. Of course, as an actor, I have a lot of opportunities to try out various hairstyles and colors, but I think it's just fun to take pictures. Usually I don't like to primp myself too much.

I usually just go out with a pair of jeans and a shirt. I only look in the mirror after I wash my face or before I go out. Don't you think it's weird if you keep staring at yourself in the mirror when you're not doing anything? As for expressions or angles, I think laughing up at the sky in spite of the image has its charm, and you may not see those things if you care too much about the angle. I'm not, of course not, but sometimes people do have to open themselves up.

I haven't done much shopping in the last year, I've been shooting in the countryside, so sometimes it feels like I'm in the city and I want to go shopping. For me, fast may be better, but slow I can not buy things, and I buy clothes is best not to try, look and feel almost to take back their own ride, a try is easy to get tired, and consider too long but do not know which ride which.

I don't particularly like makeup, put on a BB cream, rub a lipstick, to ensure that all-day hydration, you can go downstairs.

Not before filming, but I know they are very popular.

When we get to the set, everyone puts themselves more into their roles, and they are young and not youthful, unlike back then when I was now in scenes with my younger brothers and felt like maybe I wasn't that old.

I don't know how to be hilarious. But for me, it's important to have fun and be awake. The pursuit of results is sometimes often just fruitless.

I have been subjected to similar indoctrination or tests, I just don't want to get lost. I love being an actor, I think being an actor is discovering life, every day can be a new look and life is in a state of upward mobility, that's what it means to me to be an actor. I don't want to put the cart before the horse.

That's true. But lately I haven't finished a book very completely, instead it's been a few lines and pages. Labeling is an easy and quick way to divide, but I think it's better not to look at books through tinted glasses, and self-cultivation books are not always chicken soup.

What to read is a very flexible thing, for me, I do not like to read too pretentious books, such as a bunch of gorgeous rhetoric to describe a simple thing, I like to remove the decoration after the things, somehow very touching, I like Rhonda Byrne. I like "The Secret" by Rhonda Byrne, "The Go Girl" by the French writer Yamasa, and "Conversations with God" by Neale Donald Walsh.

Very few indeed. I've read very few novels. But if there's a play I'm going to act in that has the original novel, I'll read it.

There are all kinds of genres, but when I'm under pressure or filming, I don't want to be influenced by any other ideas or emotions, so at that time I will go to watch cartoons.

At that age, when you have that opportunity, you should take it and broaden your possibilities. I don't really have much of a plan, but I don't need to be spurred on by anyone, I know what kind of pace I should work and live at, and I don't necessarily have to pursue any results, I focus more on professional progress.

The audience for TV dramas is after all broader, in fact, some people have not seen my recent works, but I think it does not matter, and I do not want to deliberately prove anything. But I will keep on acting, and one day maybe people will see, oh, Liu Yifei turned out to be like this.

I don't make distinctions like fairy, these maybe belong to the writer, art or director. For me, just an actor's creation, so that a play has a soul, whether it is a fantasy film, or a genre film, or mainly the collective creation of the director and actors. Any subject matter of the film, for me only the difference between good and bad. I try to act as well as I can.

No. But I am not so confident from the beginning, is gradually acting, acting more, it opened up more possibilities, also become more and more confident in acting, I think I tapped into my own in the performance of more possibilities.

You don't have to have similar experiences to get along, I have friends who have very different experiences from me. Making friends depends on how much you're willing to open up, it's a heart-to-heart thing. I don't socialize for the sake of socializing.

I've been working out less lately, probably related to my condition. I always feel like I'm not tired enough when I'm shooting a fight scene, and I can go for another 20 laps after the scene. My favorite exercise program is probably stretching and then exercising my local strength.

Vestigial line? Well I try.

Not really, I'm also the one who will eat leftovers from home. Dieting doesn't work for me when it comes to maintaining my figure. I lose weight naturally when I'm mentally stressed or a little tired.

Russia, I love Stanislavsky. I've always wanted to visit places that produce theater masters.

I have been to France a lot in the past two years, for example, for the shooting of "Night Peacock", I also stayed in France for quite a long time. I prefer to sit on the street with a cup of coffee.

In terms of skin care, I pay more attention to moisturizing, especially in the hot summer, sun protection also becomes more important. Although I am not afraid of tanning, but my work sometimes need to accept long hours of sunlight or direct sunlight, for the health of the skin or sunscreen, and pay attention to the follow-up reapplication, as well as choose a good moisturizing effect of the cream, so that the skin all day long to stay hydrated.

To be honest, after removing makeup, I usually apply a comprehensive function of the cream on the bed, my demand for cream is hydration, firming, light texture allows the skin to breathe freely, for a hard day of skin to shape a quality repair space.

Now the network media is developed, we have a wider communication platform, more real, out on the street I was originally so, just now we are talking about the production of superstars, I think that once that era, it is not necessarily the superstar deliberately created a certain halo, but the media people together to create a kind of imagination. So I think the environment is very healthy now, when a person is attractive enough to shine, the media actually can not destroy.

I have also learned from others to put on a mask on the plane, but if I accidentally fall asleep, the mask dries and still sticks to my face, it's really embarrassing! So I usually take a travel size face cream, in a sealed dry environment, for the skin in time to solve the hydration problem, dryness and tiredness also disappeared naturally with effective hydration.

I think the last time I watched "Animal City" was, of course, not me. My makeup artist says I'm rude and everything breaks in my hands in two clicks. I'm quite undetailed.

I'm afraid this is a big subject, not many people can fully know their own personality, except for chatting about horoscopes, but if you want to say something more real, I think psychological suggestion is also very important. When acting, each role is played by myself, but under the limelight is indeed more concentrated emotions and feelings, after the scene shouted start, my spirit will be particularly focused, character will suddenly be clear and rich.

Acting well is my greatest interest. Acting is a subject that I want to spend my life studying.

Actors and teams want to have a good script, but sometimes they can't find it. Basically, I decide to do something and I dive into it. So any opportunity for me is a learning and a challenge.

I have a lot of respect for a good screenwriter who gives the director and the actors a deep creative blueprint; it's also important to have respect and communication between the director and the actors about the artistry. All three should be able to inspire each other creatively, while needing to protect the initial most cherished creative intuition that belongs to them.

Infinite, so challenging. There is no limit to what an actor can experience and learn.

Read books, run and rest well. I think what may be necessary to hold on to is being clear about what you really want. Everyone has different ideas, but as long as it's a dream that you think will bring out your greatest potential, you should go for it.

While sometimes time and growth don't always equate, to a certain extent there will be a different experience and the inner state will show up on the outside. So if you are a person who is abundant inside, the outer state will also be relatively more dynamic and comfortable. This sometimes has nothing to do with age, the years are memories and gifts that are unique to each person.

The actor's profession, quite uncontrollable, sometimes a few years to meet a good book, it has been idle. Sometimes every book is good, so they all want to, so the situation has created a year-round.

For example, the "rescue of the Flying Tigers", about the 1930s, we shot in Zhejiang Qinchuan village, which is an ancient town of thousands of years, the walls are dilapidated and dirty, stains are the traces of life, I like those far from the city, natural, pristine environment, a kind of time travel feeling.

She is a character I really like, from the costume to the life, all simple and clean, which gives me the motivation to simplify. I can't imply that I don't have enough time or that I'm far from the character, that would only add to my resistance. I wanted to make the character as pure and as simple as possible.

Moscow is probably a complex that all film school students have. We were influenced by that generation of theater masters, watching the plays of that era and learning the acting from there.

When I first started studying his theories, I found them boring. But when I really practiced, when I lacked experience, Ran went to look at it and found that every word was a maxim.

As long as I encounter a role I like, I have few restrictions, and anything I haven't played before is worth playing. I didn't say I wouldn't take on dramas or limit myself to what I could not play.

New York at work is completely different from New York on vacation, where filming is confined to one area and the real New York needs to be explored.

I didn't know I could change so quickly.

Life is a flowing process. The more you try to control it, the more tired you get. You want to do something, you have to let it go first, tell yourself you don't have to do it, you have to let it go before you can take it up.

I don't think of myself as a star, no one has ever recognized me, I don't dress up in disguise, it really doesn't matter how, I'm not as popular as you think.

It wouldn't be complete without seeing the beginning, what's the point? I will definitely go in on time and buy tickets in advance, and also choose the best view, I'm not afraid of someone next to me.

I have also thought about telling everyone what kind of person I am. But then I realized that there is no absolute misunderstanding and there is no absolute success. Now I won't bother to explain. It's quite tiring to tell everyone everything.

What about labels, if you have them, you have them, if you don't have them, it's better.

I don't even know how I got in touch with it, but one day the agent told me that there was such a script for you, and then said the director, in fact, after he told me, I had a premonition that I wanted to act.

I think it is better to say that at what time and at what moment I met the script, maybe the mood at that time will determine my fate for this script.

But most of the time it's a matter of whether you're willing to go on a new and unknown journey, whether you're willing to use all your energy to be another person in the next two months, you may have to enter a closed creative state. This film, reading the script in my head already have some direction, that is, I want to dig deeper into the extreme unwritten part, or never in other films inside a certain personality and love.

I think he is a natural born actor, he is really a subconscious type of actor in life, but he is usually very funny, especially cute, in the scene he is a person who is particularly able to provoke the atmosphere, and then in the shooting he can also quickly get into the state, so is a living treasure of the crew. I am very happy to have him on board, because this role is like a very different kind of relationship story written for him. I think Brother Lai Ming's eyes, temperament and his inner feelings are very heavy and deep, especially great. Shaoqun has always been best friends with him, this is already the third time we work together, our communication and chatting is very easy.

In fact, there is no genre to talk about, the movie is all about people, so in my eyes is the role.

I feel as if not, I really do not have any positive shape in my life, so do not cheat everyone.

It is more casual, sometimes may also be at home for a long time to read a book and not go out, sometimes also willing to play around, crazy, very spontaneous.

The head still has to be washed.

I also wonder why so popular with the boys, a question I have not solved until now, I can not answer myself, because I have no such experience.

I think how to call, they can be, is their term of endearment to me, then my words are still me.

In fact, I am also quite similar to the director, I noticed one thing, that is, the meal is still to eat, is to find that the lunch is very long, eaten for three hours.

I was really flattered, and then the director felt that lunch was too long and we were a little uncomfortable. The first day I saw the formal laying of a large long table, is the kind of banquet table, with the killing banquet, all departments are sitting together, the food on a large plate, and then wine, coffee, dessert, one by one, chatting very happy, I think this is very relaxed.

In 2016, the words are still being talked about. Finally in the choice.

I think this is not up to me, but I can only say that I absolutely want to fulfill my dream, which is to be a good actor. All forms, if it is a kind of encouragement for actors, it is very good, but you can not only pursue the results, because I enjoy the process.

First of all, I think this play, the performance is very grateful to director Dai, because he is really looking at the state of the person now, not ten years ago, because people will certainly grow, will change, then very thankful for his trust, he is completely trustworthy from the beginning to give you this role, I think in fact, playing this role is very many people, is indeed very full of emotions and complex challenging role, I think I think it is very important to trust and believe in the creation of many times, thank you Director Dai.

To experience that moment, you will know how much conflict there is in the heart and how much love there is. Love is not always about who you choose to love, because the heart is sometimes pulled.

I want to show this side of me naturally in the scene, and it takes courage for people to accept it. But there are pitfalls, if the role is designed to play a comedian, I want to play a woman, I want to play a so-and-so, a very likely to come out of the pompous, form than content, that is not what I want to see.

People live a good life is all. Although sometimes people feel the need to have a trust, the things they can't do in this life or don't think about in the next life. This is a great comfort, but if you focus your full experience on the present moment, life will become interesting and exciting, and life will be concentrated, even if it is not in vain. The story of "Three Lives, Three Worlds, Ten Miles of Peach Blossoms" I also like is that people sometimes never know how much energy they really have, Bai Sha is really a person of great psychological energy, Susu died and then became her, for girls, I think this is quite inspiring, quite inspirational a point, which is more than the 'dominant president' or something More attractive to me.

People always want to be in control, and sometimes they even want to analyze their own and other people's emotions, but life is actually a series of things that happen, whether it's your feelings or choices, it just happens. To experience that moment, you will know how much conflict there is in your heart and how much love there is. Love is not always about who you choose to love, because the heart is sometimes pulling at it. I think this is where the drama is interesting, so many love stories, novels about these, is the true love of human nature, or nature is love.

The ups and downs are more in the heart, I quite like the time when the original psychological energy is particularly abundant. Creativity makes a person feel safe, whether it's for actors or for ordinary people.

I think it's a false impression to summarize every stage as if 'I've grown more than before' and so on. Because there is always only now. Everyone has an opportunity to wake up, and it's more interesting to see when you find yourself more and more in control and in control of your emotions or start to know what time is. It's always the opportunity that makes me think and experience something, it doesn't have that much to do with time.

The Night Peacock is the best opportunity I have at this stage.

Anyone's concept can't influence him, it's something unique to them.

You can only know how good it used to be when it hurts to a point. And every person who goes to play that abortion scene, quarrel scene, will be different.

I was scared to death, so scared I almost passed out. The war scenes of this era seem to be my first time shooting, very memorable and indeed a bit scary. The fear comes from the unknown, from putting something on your body that is going to blow up at regular intervals. The bombing point is located in the heart, at that time after the bombing I have been 'buzzing' ringing in the ears, but an OK.

The model does not necessarily mean that all do very well.

At this stage, I basically don't want to give up on good plays, but there may be a time when I can't pick a play that I like so much, and it becomes a long time to be idle. So now I think, in the end, I want to take the initiative to create an environment for themselves? I found that I like everything, too not to pick a problem.

People are always walking around trying to prove to everyone that I am the best, but have you ever thought about what you want to experience? There are some doubts that have not been solved, will always exist in the subconscious, or have to face and dissolve. But this is not chicken soup for the soul. This is a misunderstanding, because it is not a polarized, self-hypnosis like a couplet, but actually quite a big learning. It is the courage to analyze yourself and face yourself.

The reason you feel weak or regressed is to let you know that the brave you and courage is always there, so that you can experience the lack of such a process and then let you have it again.

The machines on the scene are set up, dare I just not go from here, I'll go from there? At this point I don't want to show anger, I just want to laugh. Do you have the guts or not?

It has nothing to do with age, life is like a game. I read an interesting quote, the reason you feel weak or regressed is to let you know that the brave you and courage has always been there, so that you can experience the lack of and then let you have such a process. We've all been brave, and what I like most about BAZAAR is that it was and still is just as brave. I was sick in the shed a few days ago, the dust was very strong, and I had a cough, and Sumang sent me a lot of loquat water, which I drank up in two days. It's like a heart-to-heart, which makes me feel that caring for others and love are still the best energy.

In fact, the sense of ego was quite strong at that time, which is commonly known as the ego and ego, but the real power actually does not come from those. So accepting imperfection and hoping for creativity is what I've been working on.

Do you dare to turn complexity into simplicity?

This is a particularly good topic, because this is the phrase I ask myself the most on the spot. Maybe something will take one to the so-called more right trajectory, but if the time is spent on strategy, it may feel very mature, but you have to know that there are two kinds of people - the great wise and the great foolish. Each one feels as if they are almost something, without realizing that they are already that very good version of themselves, he just needs to believe. Rather than maturity may be to go over and over and recognize your own thoughts, maturity doesn't actually mean not being naive, this has to be separated. If you already know how to face everything, this state is not what I want, or to remain curious and naive.

Very satisfied. I was very surprised by how fast the shoot was. It was also very nice to see my new look.

Trying to achieve perfection in any field requires a great deal of effort. Since my mother was a dancer, I was interested in art since I was a child. I wanted to be an actress when I was four or five years old. From that time on my dream started. Not once did I doubt my dream.

Vivien Leigh and Audrey Hepburn. When I was a kid, Gone with the Wind and Roman Holiday were very popular. Now, they seem to be very classic movies too.

Life in America when I was 10 ~ 14 years old. English has a positive effect on movie shooting. King of Kung Fu" required English audition. The range of roles that could be chosen, also became wider. From that point of view, it gave a great help. In fact, modern young people are quite heavily influenced by Western thinking. I'm not the only one. Young Americans used to be extroverted. But nowadays, both Eastern and Western, young people are quite open to all kinds of possibilities.
